Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/arts/international/index.html
1

Each year, some of the most anticipated films of the fall season are rolled out in Venice alongside small, often obscure debuts.
2d ago
By NICOLAS RAPOLD
Across Mexico, fans mourned and celebrated the singer who for years provided the soundtrack for their joyous occasions and their heartbreaks.
August 29, 2016
By KIRK SEMPLE and ELISABETH MALKIN
Mr. Wilder doesn’t have many comedy descendants. He was too much of an original to copy.
2d ago
By WESLEY MORRIS
These four film shorts, each by a different director, evoke aspects of a brilliant art historian and essayist living in the French Alps.
2d ago
By GLENN KENNY
In a book and Ted talk, Marwa al-Sabouni calls for a return to traditional styles, saying that recent construction has only fueled sectarian tensions.
By STEPHEN HEYMAN
Kamala Lopez’s fact-packed documentary features legal experts, ordinary women and feminists like Eleanor Smeal and Gloria Steinem.
By HELEN T. VERONGOS
In “Skiptrace,” Jackie Chan tries the unlikely-buddy conceit again, this time with Johnny Knoxville.
By NEIL GENZLINGER
A mix of classical-music lovers gathered for concerts and classes at the Dartington International Summer School and Festival in Devon, England.
By MICHAEL WHITE
The chairwoman and vice chairwoman of the board resigned last week after criticizing the museum’s director, Holly Block.
By ROBIN POGREBIN
Netflix announced Wednesday that its breakout show would return next year, as “Stranger Things 2,” with writers and creators Matt and Ross Duffer.
By JOHN KOBLIN
As the centennial of Mr. Dahl’s birth approaches, the estate of the “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” author is developing at least 23 projects based on his works.
By MICHAEL PAULSON
A prolific singer and songwriter, he was nominated for six Grammys and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
By JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH
Hear the tracks that caught our pop critics’ attention, from De La Soul to Sharon Van Etten.
By JON PARELES, JON CARAMANICA and NATE CHINEN
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html
2

The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines, and VH1 Save the Music hosts a benefit.
17h ago
By DENNY LEE
Also, how to deal with a fiancé’s bad behavior at a wedding and more.
20h ago
By PHILIP GALANES
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
1d ago
By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI
Expect more disruption in the men’s wear world as the designer known for his high romance enters the big leagues.
1d ago
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
When a box of formula arrives on the doorstep months after a miscarriage, it becomes clear that the virtual world didn’t get the pregnancy update.
By AMY PITTMAN
Don’t stop the beat. Show tunes are setting the tempo for classes at Crunch, Soul Cycle and Broadway Bodies.
By ANGELICA HILL
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines; VH1 Save the Music hosts its “Hamptons Live” benefit.
By DENNY LEE
Classic American brands and runway designers alike introduce variations on the toggle coat for fall.
The stars of Crystal Moselle’s new short film for Miu Miu are six female skaters (and best friends), who took T along for a ride.
Rihanna’s Fenty Puma collection is now available, Saks opens in Brookfield Place, Tommy Hilfiger collaborates with Gigi Hadid, and more.
By ALISON S. COHN
Bold and creative fashion was out in force at the music festival in Brooklyn.
In a rush of nostalgia, four girls of the ’90s stroll through the shiny new Westfield mall.
By KATHERINE BERNARD
The night’s biggest after-parties were hosted by Republic Records, DJ Khaled and, yes, Rihanna.
By BEN DETRICK
Here, the beauty faves she has in her #nyfw makeup bag.
By BEE SHAPIRO
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/style/international/index.html
3

Expect more disruption in the men’s wear world as the designer known for his high romance enters the big leagues.
1d ago
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
1d ago
By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI
Peter Lindbergh reflects on his four-decade career, and shares images never published before their inclusion in his weighty upcoming book.
1d ago
By ALEXANDRIA SYMONDS
Bold and creative fashion was out in force at the music festival in Brooklyn.
1d ago
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines; VH1 Save the Music hosts its “Hamptons Live” benefit.
By DENNY LEE
What you need: Some great new jeans and smart workout wear, among other things.
By ERICA M. BLUMENTHAL
The night’s biggest after-parties were hosted by Republic Records, DJ Khaled and, yes, Rihanna.
By BEN DETRICK
Updating: Beyoncé; Nicki Minaj; Kim Kardashian West; and Kanye West and more fashion from one of the music industry’s biggest award shows.
Last week’s parties included celebrating the National Park Service’s 100th birthday, saving Saint Sava church, and the 17th annual Taste of Tennis.
With 2,400 miles between them, a romance between Stephanie Stebich and Anne-Imelda Radice, both museum directors, seemed out of reach. The couple were married on Aug. 14 in Plainfield, Mass.
Selections from a digital diary of the city’s streets.
By GUY TREBAY
“I was so strong in my thinking and my way of seeing fashion,” the designer once said. “I knew exactly what I wanted. I said to myself, ‘I have no limits.’”
The cunning sculptor has been making public art for two decades.
We’re living in a post-normcore world. Here’s what it looks like.
By ERICA M. BLUMENTHAL
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/dining/index.html
4
Vegetable stews share the menu with less traditional dishes, like eggs and lox on injera, a crepe-like flatbread.
The newest meatless burgers aren’t obligatory additions to menus. They’re the stars.
The most bulletproof of restaurants is the work of a man who sweats the details but not the criticism.
The cheesy classic Los Angeles sandwich gets the treatment it deserves with or without the meat.
The markets are still teeming with glorious summer vegetables. But the changing weather demands something a little different.
Returning from vacation with a few no-recipe recipes in mind.
This riff on elote, the Mexican street snack, makes for excellent barbecue fare.
Halal food is big business in China. But to the Hui, a Muslim ethnic minority, a social pact may come before profit in the placement of halal noodle shops.
When the owners of a vegan restaurant chain announced that they had begun eating meat, it did not sit well with their customers.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
This fig tart looks like the handiwork of a professional chef, but it isn’t hard to put together.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
On Mount Etna, Frank Cornelissen has learned the difference between making wine and making good wine for the ages.
Readers tell of dishes that remind them where they came from.
The chef is opening a hotel aerie in Williamsburg, a new Orwashers bakery expands to the Upper West Side, and more restaurant news.
The author Tama Matsuoka Wong and the restaurateur Claus Meyer are offering a series of foraging classes.
These sweets, from L.A. Burdick Handmade Chocolates, come in five flavors.
Salty water from the sea is now available for boiling at home.
The evening to salute the late chef, at Chelsea Piers, will raise money for a new scholarship at the Culinary Institute of America.
The crepe known as tapioca is now available at Oca in NoLIta.
Cocktail Kingdom is now selling elegant reproductions of 19th-century punch bowls, ladles and glasses from the author David Wondrich’s collection.
From left: a white pomegranate; a salad of pickled cholla buds and tepary beans at Janos Wilder’s restaurant Downtown Kitchen and Cocktails; a drink made of prickly pears and white peaches.
Named a culinary capital by Unesco, the city has a long history of wringing plenty from a desert.
Tapping sales of a dish that hails from hard-hit Amatrice, Italy.
A nephew of Colonel Sanders may have shown a reporter a list of the proprietary blend of 11 herbs and spices for the famous fried chicken.
Taste the Tropics USA, a West Indian-themed ice cream parlor in Brooklyn that opened in the 1970s, serves ice cream flavors like pineapple, coconut, soursop and even a beer-based option: Guinness.
A restaurant for Russian and Jewish specialties, a temple to Japanese udon noodles, and more food news.
Taking their lead from the airlines, hotels and resorts are raising add-on fees to record levels.
At Pike Place Market, fresh fish may fly 20 feet or more before they drop into the waiting hands of a fishmonger.
A stand beneath Columbus Circle specializes in savory pockets called salteñas.
At 22, the restaurant is safely reassuring, but acts of imagination keep it vital.
The pioneering East Village cocktail den celebrates its 10th anniversary by planning a hotel bar in Colorado and fine-tuning its bar menu in New York.
The chef Tom Colicchio will shutter his restaurant on the edge of the meatpacking district on Sept. 4.
In a new book, a Brooklyn couple explore the practical but hard-to-love cuisine of the 1930s.
The show, which originated in a London pie shop in 2014, will arrive at the Barrow Street Theater in February.
A veteran chef forages, researches and cooks as part of a larger movement to revitalize indigenous food traditions.
In Yorkville, beer-hall food is on the menu in a lofty room with herringbone floors from grander days.
The holiday Raksha Bandhan makes for brisk business at Raja Sweets, a prominent Indian bakery in town.
Sam Beall’s death cast his widow, Mary Celeste Beall, in an unimagined role, as the head of the Blackberry Farm resort and a leader in the elevation of hyper-local Southern cuisine.
Mr. Richard, a pastry chef by training, brought a playful, French twist to his food, and headed some of the United States’ most beloved restaurants.
In his recipes for home cooks, the chef struck a balance between taste and health.
With quail and crayfish in the backyard, a Brooklyn restaurant isn’t quite as simple as it looks.
Tahini ranch dressing.
The same tangy, creamy, turbocharged flavor of the bottled stuff, sans animal fat.
Add roasted eggplant, cherry tomatoes and Romano beans to transform this creamier version of mozzarella into a meal.
The quest to make a bagel in San Francisco rivaling New York’s best annihilates a stand mixer (twice) and an ego.
Even less-than-perfect peaches can be wonderful with the heat of the oven, a bit of sugar or a swirl through a river of freshly whipped cream.
The challenge of cooking when temperatures spike is to devise menus that rely less on the oven and stovetop.
Banish soggy vegetables and a sorry topping.
Garlicky grits, slices of avocado and a velvety gravy combine to make a dish that is as deeply satisfying as it is simple.
Marinate boneless chicken thighs with loads of garlic, lemon and fresh za’atar for a quick weeknight meal.
A salad is only as good as its raw ingredients. Here’s what to look for at the market.
Anchovies, yes anchovies, are a perfect pairing, providing a meaty, savory umami to tomatoes in a tart, on pasta or on the grill.
Master these simple sauces, which offer maximum flavor for minimum effort.
Drinks that fell out of fashion as the epitome of kitsch are being revived as joyfully composed craft cocktails.
American brewers have taken up the dark art of sour beers. Results are mixed, but the best indicate a promising future.
The owners of the San Francisco tiki bar Smuggler’s Cove set out to define an aesthetic built on leis and umbrellas.
Organically produced reds from southeast Sicily can be every bit as beautiful as the fashionable wines of Mount Etna.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
A small family winery runs afoul of zoning rules, and apparently compromise is not an option.
This white wine from Galicia in northwestern Spain went quickly from unknown to taken for granted. What are the best ones like?
Reproductions of 19th-century punchware for entertaining, and more news from Florence Fabricant.
We’d love to hear about the dishes and traditions at your Thanksgiving celebration, and how they reflect your family’s roots and travels.
Follow us to find all the food that’s fit to cook, snap and eat.
A library of more than 50 videos demonstrating simple skills that home cooks should master.
Find your favorite recipes on our Pinterest boards.
Interactive map of health violations at restaurants in New York
Despite its name, Frenchie’s accent is as British as it is French.
Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations.
Go to Cooking »
FOOD
This summer cookout classic gets the street-food treatment, with the addition of chile, lime, mayo and cheese.
Grilled Corn with Cheese, Lime and Chile
Burrata With Romano Beans and Eggplant
Summer Vegetable Gratin
Middle Eastern Herb Chicken
Get regular updates from The New York Times Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice. And download Cooking for iPhone and iPad in the App Store.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/dining/international/index.html
5
At 77, the restaurateur Michael Chow has not slowed down.
The most bulletproof of restaurants is the work of a man who sweats the details but not the criticism.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
Halal food is big business in China. But to the Hui, a Muslim ethnic minority, a social pact may come before profit in the placement of halal noodle shops.
Named a culinary capital by Unesco, the city has a long history of wringing plenty from a desert.
The quest to make a bagel in San Francisco rivaling New York’s best annihilates a stand mixer (twice) and an ego.
Tapping sales of a dish that hails from hard-hit Amatrice, Italy.
The veggie burger at the NoMad Bar on Broadway uses grains, fresh vegetables, quinoa and lentils, “to replace the texture of meat,” the chef Daniel Humm said, with eggs, cream cheese and Dijon mustard to hold it together.
The newest meatless burgers aren’t obligatory additions to menus. They’re the stars.
Readers tell of dishes that remind them where they came from.
Even less-than-perfect peaches can be wonderful with the heat of the oven, a bit of sugar or a swirl through a river of freshly whipped cream.
The holiday Raksha Bandhan makes for brisk business at Raja Sweets, a prominent Indian bakery in town.
Mr. Nicholson, with the chef Edna Lewis, served Southern cuisine in Manhattan to the likes of Frank Sinatra, Gore Vidal and Tennessee Williams.
Astronauts need lightweight, long-lasting provisions for hazardous trips. So did the Incas, and villagers in the Andes have made their version for centuries.
Mirai Konishi’s light documentary focuses on brewery experts and others who have devoted their lives to this complex rice-based beverage.
Rumi Spice, started by Army veterans, is part of efforts to help develop Afghanistan’s resource economy.
Bottles of fizzy Topo Chico are a favorite in restaurants, bars and stores, even though marketing is minimal.
Frank Cornelissen in his vineyard on Sicily’s Mount Etna.
On Mount Etna, Frank Cornelissen has learned the difference between making wine and making good wine for the ages.
American brewers have taken up the dark art of sour beers. Results are mixed, but the best indicate a promising future.
The owners of the San Francisco tiki bar Smuggler’s Cove set out to define an aesthetic built on leis and umbrellas.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
Organically produced reds from southeast Sicily can be every bit as beautiful as the fashionable wines of Mount Etna.
A small family winery runs afoul of zoning rules, and apparently compromise is not an option.
Vegetable stews share the menu with less traditional dishes, like eggs and lox on injera, a crepe-like flatbread.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
At 22, the restaurant is safely reassuring, but acts of imagination keep it vital.
With quail and crayfish in the backyard, a Brooklyn restaurant isn’t quite as simple as it looks.
Reproductions of 19th-century punchware for entertaining, and more news from Florence Fabricant.
This white wine from Galicia in northwestern Spain went quickly from unknown to taken for granted. What are the best ones like?
Great fried chicken has a shatteringly crisp crust and luscious interior. Our guide will help you master this summer classic.
This summer cookout classic gets the street-food treatment, with the addition of chile, lime, mayo and cheese.
The markets are still teeming with glorious summer vegetables. But the changing weather demands something a little different.
This fig tart looks like the handiwork of a professional chef, but it isn’t hard to put together.
The same tangy, creamy, turbocharged flavor of the bottled stuff, sans animal fat.
The challenge of cooking when temperatures spike is to devise menus that rely less on the oven and stovetop.
Garlicky grits, slices of avocado and a velvety gravy combine to make a dish that is as deeply satisfying as it is simple.
Marinate boneless chicken thighs with loads of garlic, lemon and fresh za’atar for a quick weeknight meal.
A salad is only as good as its raw ingredients. Here’s what to look for at the market.
Anchovies, yes anchovies, are a perfect pairing, providing a meaty, savory umami to tomatoes in a tart, on pasta or on the grill.
Control the flame, and don’t shun the skin.
There’s a trick to making this light, versatile classic.
At Pike Place Market, fresh fish may fly 20 feet or more before they drop into the waiting hands of a fishmonger.
The pioneering East Village cocktail den celebrates its 10th anniversary by planning a hotel bar in Colorado and fine-tuning its bar menu in New York.
Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/magazine/index.html
6

Oliver Stone wanted a hit — and the chance to put America’s most iconic dissident onscreen. The subject wanted veto power. The Russian lawyer wanted someone to option the novel he’d written. The American lawyer just wanted the whole insane project to go away. Somehow a film got made.
By IRINA ALEKSANDER
Why Berhanu Nega traded a tenured position for the chance to lead a revolutionary force against an oppressive regime.
By JOSHUA HAMMER
A home is something both looked at and lived in, but that duality can be difficult to reconcile.
By RACHEL CUSK
The cheesy classic Los Angeles sandwich gets the treatment it deserves with or without the meat.
By SAM SIFTON
The author shares the titles he would most want with him on a desert island.
By JOHN BERENDT
Readers respond.
Unless you’re trying to wash away the pain of a heart-wrenching breakup and you’re also in a movie, please stand up.
By JOHN HODGMAN
From Las Vegas to Los Angeles, thanks to several strangers.
As told to DANIEL KRIEGER
Be unpredictable. Keep things consensual.
By MALIA WOLLAN
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
By KYLE DARGAN
Classic American brands and runway designers alike introduce variations on the toggle coat for fall.
From Bergdorf Goodman's new ground-floor renovation to Balenciaga at Dover Street Market, the retail news to know.
By KRISTEN BATEMAN
A new site-specific work wraps Philip Johnson’s Glass House in Connecticut in Yayoi Kusama’s signature bright spots.
By ALEXANDRIA SYMONDS
Inside (and outside) the 87-year-old artist’s installation at Philip Johnson’s Glass House in New Canaan, Conn.
Irina Aleksander on Oliver Stone's film about America's most iconic dissident, Rachel Cusk on the duality of a home as something looked at and lived in, Joshua Hammer on the Bucknell professor who became the commander of an Ethiopian rebel army and more.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/realestate/index.html
7
The writer goes in search of a rental cottage and learns the hard way that being told the house is his is not enough.
The boldface, gilt-edge Hamptons are to the east of the Shinnecock Canal. But some buyers are refusing to cross over.
The luxury housing market in the Bahamas is segmented, with different islands, neighborhoods and developments all fetching various prices.
Riverside is really two Greenwich, Conn., neighborhoods when it comes to home prices.
A brick townhouse in Baltimore, Md., a house in Little Rock, Ark. and a cabin in Hailey, Idaho.
When the news anchor first saw her East Hampton, N.Y., house, she knew it was the one.
Tips on shopping for just the right sconce.
Finished basements have been a cost-effective way to increase living space, but builders in the Hamptons say restrictions have accelerated the trend.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
This week’s properties are on the Upper West Side, in Greenwich Village and in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn.
This week’s properties are six-bedroom homes in Bridgehampton and Quiogue, N.Y.
The six-unit, 11-story Getty, at West 24th Street and 10th Avenue, is rising on a site that for years contained, naturally, a Getty station.
Altercations in a co-op, timing on buying an apartment and a withheld security deposit.
An apartment at 150 Charles Street has changed ownership for the second time in six months.
Amy and Bobby Reich were worried they were priced out. But they persisted and found a place.
A hamlet on the South Shore of Suffolk County with a small-town feel and more modest homes when compared with those in the Hamptons.
Last year’s presidential election created a pause in the price increases in Buenos Aires’s housing market.
A 19th-century farmhouse in Litchfield, Conn., a 1960 house in Los Angeles, Calif., and a Tudor in Scranton, Pa.
Experts differ on whether real estate’s move out of the financials category to its own classification will benefit individual investors.
Michael S. Smith, who decorated the Obamas’ White House, on his favorite room at the residence of the ambassador to Spain.
Residents of Sag Harbor’s African-American neighborhoods on Long Island worry that an influx of investors who are sweeping up properties will forever alter the community’s character.
Hobie, a golden retriever belonging to Kaitlin and Ben Fund, checks in at the New York Dog Spa and Hotel on West 25th Street, his hangout while they are at work. Hobie likes it so much there, the Funds were careful to stay in the neighborhood when they moved.
Some New Yorkers hunt for apartments with the needs of a pet uppermost in their minds. This can be expensive.
Prices are lower than in some other parts of Manhattan, and more inventory is being added.
Working at home with noise, renting out a co-op and waterproofing a shower.
The actor and his girlfriend, Emily Smith, live in a one-bedroom near Lincoln Center.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region
REAL ESTATE
What does a night in one of New York's new micro apartments look like?
Dinner for Six in a Bite-Size Space
Three Artists in Three Manhattan Studios
House Tour | Paola Santarelli
House Tour | The Antivilla
Kendall Huberman discovered she qualified for a co-op building with an income cap.
A weak Canadian dollar and retiring baby boomers have helped strengthen the housing market in the St. Andrews area.
A four-bedroom duplex at Walker Tower was bought by a founder of the travel website Kayak.com, and was the sale of the week.
This week’s properties include a clapboard house in Wilmington, Del., a contemporary in San Antonio, Tex., and a loft in Portland, Me.
About $2 billion in development is underway in the city, with 1,500 units of housing under construction and another 4,000 planned.
In Marine Park, many residents are members of families that have lived in the Brooklyn neighborhood for generations.
Prestige residences around Europe are appealing to a new generation of wealthy buyers who want to own a home with a significant heritage.
Provence has been the most popular French region among international buyers, but that was before "Brexit" and the attack in Nice.
A recently overhauled free app that now allows users to read new stories every day and search for homes at the same time.
This week’s properties are in Morningside Heights, East Harlem and Brooklyn Heights.
This week’s properties include a ranch in Montgomery, N.J., and a 1914 house in Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y.
Answers to reader questions about real estate, home buying and renting, mortgages, insurance, leases, condominiums and co-ops and real estate law.
Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
Catch up on the most popular stories of the month.
Plans are going forward for hotels, upscale housing, retail space and riverfront walkways, though longtime residents continue to have some misgivings.
Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City.
The inside scoop on New York City neighborhoods and beyond.
The choice between buying a home and renting one is among the biggest financial decisions that many adults make.
Parse the market by price and size.
Record prices, skinny skyscrapers, celebrity listings and architectural debuts: It’s been an eventful year in New York City real estate. Test your memory with this quiz.
A bed is hidden in the wall behind the sofa.
A night in one of New York City’s new micro apartments.
With home prices so high, buying a place together with others may be the quickest path to homeownership.
High prices in New York City are driving up demand in certain nearby towns.
The number of home sales in the Bronx rose 35 percent in the first quarter of this year, a far larger increase than in Manhattan, Queens or Brooklyn.
A new generation of buyers at a Jackson Heights, Queens, co-op has won a nearly decade-long battle over access to the lawn.
The Wendel family, bygone real estate tycoons, avoided publicity and luxury. Their refusal to sell property drove the city crazy.
It’s a short hop from New York, and at the moment, it’s still less expensive.
The practice of home staging has long elicited strong reactions. But as staging has evolved, more real estate professionals stress its importance.
Houses of steel and aluminum are sprouting in cool places, a.k.a. Brooklyn neighborhoods.
Among over 3,000 unionized superintendents in New York City, perhaps a few dozen are women.
Tips for navigating a fast-moving real estate market.
It’s far more than banking and rent checks. Here are some tips.
The pros share their strategies for making your home enticing to buyers.
A new breed of online furniture manufacturers offers high-end quality and customization – and often a quick turnaround time – at low-end prices.
With the median price for a Manhattan apartment nearing the $1 million mark, buying your first home can be a daunting task. And don’t forget to add in the fees.
Good cellphone reception is a must-have for many in New York.
Here are some simple home improvements that may offer the most bang for the buck.
A home remodeling checklist for New York apartment dwellers.
To get to Brooklyn, win the lottery first.
Suggestions for frustrated New York City home hunters.
For the latest residential real estate news covering the five boroughs and beyond.
FOLLOW
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/obituaries/index.html
8

Mr. Sutter headed the team of engineers that designed the 747 jumbo jetliner, a 20th-century answer to the luxury ocean liner.
14h ago
By SAM ROBERTS
Not only was Mr. Lyons known for his photographic work, but he was an organizer who helped lay the foundations of contemporary photography as an art form.
11h ago
By WILLIAM GRIMES
Mr. Etra helped create the Rutt/Etra synthesizer, which let a user manipulate video more easily make it a more expressive art form.
12h ago
By DANIEL E. SLOTNIK
Princess Diana, whose title and troubles made her a symbol of a nation’s emotional and generational conflicts, died on Aug. 31, 1997.
2d ago
By SARAH LYALL
Dr. Cronin shared a Nobel Prize for discovering, with Val Fitch, “a fundamental asymmetry between matter and antimatter,” repudiating a basic principle of physics.
By SAM ROBERTS
Mr. Davidovich helped create “The Live! Show” on a Manhattan cable channel and later constructed temporary video theaters within museums and galleries.
By WILLIAM GRIMES
Mr. Fuji, whose signature move was hurling a handful of salt into opponents’ eyes, won several tag-team titles with Professor Toru Tanaka.
By DANIEL E. SLOTNIK
A writer and producer who, drawing parallels between kings and business leaders, highlighted the machinations of government.
By WILLIAM GRIMES
Mr. Nelson presided over the New York City Educational Construction Fund, a public benefit corporation that helped create classrooms in partnership with developers.
By SAM ROBERTS
Lenkaitis started 119 games for the New England Patriots from 1971 to 1981 and earned a dental degree during the off-season.
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Mr. Wilder, a comic actor known for his delightfully neurotic performances, died at his home in Stamford, Conn., on Monday. His film career began in the 1960s.
A prolific singer and songwriter, he was nominated for six Grammys and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
By JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH
Mr. Ben-Eliezer, who was born in Iraq, served in the military for 30 years, held senior positions in government and was close to Arab leaders.
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Search Legacy.com for all paid death notices from The New York Times.
Announcements of deaths may be telephoned from within New York City to (212) 556-3900; outside the city to toll-free 1-800-458-5522; or online by going to this page and selecting "In Memoriam." Deadlines for publication are:
Photos must be submitted by noon the day prior to publication Tuesday through Friday. Photos for Saturday, Sunday and Monday must be submitted by 12 noon on Friday.
Remembering Leonard Nimoy, Mario Cuomo, Anita Ekberg, King Abdullah, David Carr, Omar Sharif and others who died this year.
In 2015 Obituaries, Distant Eras Were Evoked
More from: 2014 • 2013 • 2012 • 2011 • 2010
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/upshot/
9

The new boom in American prisons is happening in mostly white, rural and politically conservative areas.
7h ago
By JOSH KELLER and ADAM PEARCE
The Upshot’s presidential forecast, updated daily.
July 19, 2016
By JOSH KATZ
Numbers so consistent with expectations that bond traders, and the Fed, can heave a sigh of relief.
58m ago
By NEIL IRWIN
How many of your closest friends didn’t graduate from college?
1d ago
By DAMON DARLIN
Through a combination of low prices and moderate wage gains, 2015 may have been a great year for median household incomes.
By QUOCTRUNG BUI
A look at four major challenges the Affordable Care Act is facing, and some possible solutions.
By REED ABELSON and MARGOT SANGER-KATZ
Many of the things we’re told to do for our dental health aren’t supported by systematic reviews.
By AARON E. CARROLL
The poor and middle class might end up living in a nightmare world of joblessness and danger unless we act to address the growing wealth gap.
By ROBERT J. SHILLER
A new government study finds that middle-class people paid less for health insurance in states that offered Medicaid to the poor.
By MARGOT SANGER-KATZ
The West Coast is already blue. Now Hillary Clinton is making gains in North Carolina, Georgia, Florida and even South Carolina.
By NATE COHN and TONI MONKOVIC
A new study of the Berkeley soda tax found that people in low-income neighborhoods cut sugary drink consumption by a fifth.
By MARGOT SANGER-KATZ
The Upshot announces its first 2016 Senate forecast. Democrats are defending only 10 seats while the Republicans have to preserve 24.
By JOSH KATZ
Millennials are in the mood to buy, and homebuilders are starting to produce more of the starter houses they demand.
By NEIL IRWIN
It’s a simple, lifesaving medication — yet hurdles to market entry allow a company that makes it to keep raising the price.
By AARON E. CARROLL
In a weekly email newsletter, get the best of The Upshot's analysis about politics, policy and everyday life.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/crosswords/
10

10 Puzzles

Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/multimedia/index.html
11
UrbanGlass in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, gives glass blowers access to the space and expensive equipment they need to practice their craft.
Not only was Mr. Lyons known for his photographic work, but he was an organizer who helped lay the foundations of contemporary photography as an art form.
T spent a morning with the real-life all-female crew that stars in — and inspired — Miu Miu’s latest dreamy “Women’s Tales” short film.
Vegetable stews share the menu with less traditional dishes, like eggs and lox on injera, a crepe-like flatbread.
A new site-specific work wraps Philip Johnson’s Glass House in Connecticut in Yayoi Kusama’s signature bright spots.
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines, and VH1 Save the Music hosts a benefit.
A protégé of Henri Cartier-Bresson, Mr. Riboud routinely traveled to restive places throughout Asia and Africa in the 1950s and ’60s as part of his decades-long career.
Riverside is really two Greenwich, Conn., neighborhoods when it comes to home prices.
Peter Lindbergh reflects on his four-decade career, and shares images never published before their inclusion in his weighty upcoming book.
An online store’s collection of unconventional designs defy the “normal rules of usability” — to encourage diners to slowly savor what they eat.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Tuesday.
Mr. Wilder’s neurotic comic persona added a special edge to numerous hits, including “Blazing Saddles” and “Stir Crazy.”
Club makers’ technicians drive heavy trucks that are equal parts workshop, clubhouse and rock ’n’ roll tour bus to tour events nationwide.
The boldface, gilt-edge Hamptons are to the east of the Shinnecock Canal. But some buyers are refusing to cross over.
When the news anchor first saw her East Hampton, N.Y., house, she knew it was the one.
An exhibition at the Old Stone House in Brooklyn celebrates the clash, also known as the Battle of Long Island, which spared General Washington from capture.
Benefit parties and charities that took place in New York last week.
Our reporter shares selections from his visual, digital diary of New York.
Finished basements have been a cost-effective way to increase living space, but builders in the Hamptons say restrictions have accelerated the trend.
Taste the Tropics USA, a West Indian-themed ice cream parlor in Brooklyn that opened in the 1970s, serves ice cream flavors like pineapple, coconut, soursop and even a beer-based option: Guinness.
There was an overall softening in demand for less prestigious collectible vehicles — those in the comparatively modest $100,000 to $1 million range.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.2 struck about 100 miles from Rome, trapping scores under debris and all but destroying some areas.
Lars Fisk, a veteran of public art, knows how to be economical with space.
A hamlet on the South Shore of Suffolk County with a small-town feel and more modest homes when compared with those in the Hamptons.
The J.W. Westcott II — the only boat with its own ZIP code — sails from Detroit delivering parcels and pizzas to sailors on the Great Lakes.
For “African Catwalk,” the Swedish photographer Per-Anders Pettersson spent five years documenting the energy of Africa’s emerging fashion industry.
Artists and collectors flock to Guild Hall’s summer gala, while a new benefit helps Asian elephants.
The actor and his girlfriend, Emily Smith, live in a one-bedroom near Lincoln Center.
The motorsport requires quick reactions and precise car control, techniques that can help drivers avoid mishaps off-road and on.
A stand beneath Columbus Circle specializes in savory pockets called salteñas.
A chance meeting at law school leads to a partnership, over a dozen books and 25 years restoring a former Whitney estate.
In Marine Park, many residents are members of families that have lived in the Brooklyn neighborhood for generations.
At Almond, the restaurant takes its inspiration from its guests and names its dishes for the purveyors who supply the ingredients.
Joined by Gayle King and other V.I.P.s, the singer celebrates the new luxury mall next to ground zero.
It was a win-win for the Americans in the final: Christian Taylor got the gold and Will Claye got the girl.
In 1959, three-foot medallions depicting the coats of arms of Western Hemisphere nations were installed along the avenue. Most are now gone.
A team of scientists and researchers is hoping to prove that a swath of the New York coast serves as a great white breeding ground.
Composite photographs from Thursday’s competition that show how Biles dominated.
Amy Touchette waits for people to spot her before she snaps their pictures on an iPhone.
Even in the oppressive heat of August, black is always in fashion.
Raising money for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation and Southampton Hospital, and a party on the newly opened terrace at the department store.
A Brooklyn building that got off to a rough start with neighbors has begun leasing.
The Tony Award winner rents a one-bedroom with his wife, Nicolette Robinson, an actor and singer.
The biggest fire rapidly encroached on the residential outskirts of Funchal, home to about 110,000 people, and there were nearly 200 blazes on the mainland.
In Yorkville, beer-hall food is on the menu in a lofty room with herringbone floors from grander days.
The fashion-photographer-turned-director Sean Ellis shares beautiful photos from the set of “Anthropoid.”
Stuyvesant Town, and its sister housing complex, Peter Cooper Village, once provided housing for returning World War II veterans.
At the premiere of “Florence Foster Jenkins,” the three-time Oscar winner was a seen-but-not-heard star presence.
The abandoned pier in Manhattan, which is being renovated, was an engineering marvel when it was built on the Hudson River in the 1950s.
Michael Phelps and Katie Ledecky restocked their trophy case by winning gold medals in the pool. In tennis, Novak Djokovic and the Williams sisters were knocked out.
The glamorous, though budget-conscious, opening of the Games disguised Brazil’s wounds for a few hours and let the country celebrate its history.
Steeve Mackaya, a native of Gabon, sets up shop in Chelsea each morning, always decked out in a colorful, eye-catching suit, to sell newspapers.
Ms. Mearns, the New York City Ballet principal dancer, and Mr. Bergasse, the Emmy-winning choreographer, at home in Lincoln Square.
“The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time” is closing its Broadway run, but there is life after acting for the 21 puppies who have appeared in the show.
The actress, writer, illustrator and artist Mary Woronov’s vibrant, emotive paintings are now on view at the Lodge, a building owned by Ed Ruscha.
Rachel Comey and Leanne Shapton have collaborated on an exhibition that celebrates the work of the sometimes-overlooked women in the field.
Workers have begun laying the bridge’s signature feature — the cables — and if everything goes according to plan, the first section should open over the Hudson River toward the end of next year.
Home buyers are drawn to the Forest Hills neighborhood’s transportation, shopping and relatively reasonable prices.
Kelly Ripa and Donna Karan host the Super Saturday garage sale; Ja Rule performs to an art crowd at the Watermill Center gala.
In a renovation, the sanctuary of St. Paul’s Chapel in Lower Manhattan will shed its current pink and blue scheme for a creamier tone, revealed by a microscopic examination.
From Brooklyn to Seattle, fans of the book and film series turned out at midnight on Saturday for the release of “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.”
Members of the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams shed some clothing — whatever they thought was appropriate — to let you try to guess their sport.
Muhammad Ali, a three-time heavyweight boxing champion, was among the most controversial and charismatic sports figures of the 20th century.
Photographs of the pope’s first trip to the United States, as Catholics and non-Catholics alike will navigate crowds in three cities to catch a glimpse of the “people’s pope.”
Behind the scenes of Serena Williams’s historic Grand Slam bid — and ultimate collapse.
For 733 migrants crammed aboard two tiny boats somewhere between Libya and Italy, a leaky hull was neither the beginning nor the end of their troubles.
Pope Francis, the fourth pontiff to visit St. Patrick’s Cathedral, will find it brighter, cleaner and in better repair than it has been for decades.
The New Orleans of 2015 has been altered, and not just by nature. In some ways, it is booming as never before. In others, it is returning to pre-Katrina realities of poverty and violence, but with a new sense of dislocation for many, too.
A photographer parts the curtains on one of the world’s least-known places and brings back pictures of a country that is defined for many by mystery and war.
When Nepal was hit with a powerful earthquake the tremor shattered lives, landmarks and the very landscape of the country. The scope of the disaster in photographs.
The average American consumes more than 300 gallons of California water each week by eating food that was produced there.
Finding unexpected beauty in the hands of shoe shiners.
The Rosetta spacecraft is following Comet 67P/C-G as it makes its closest approach to the sun.
The best present ideas, selected by Times experts, to make shopping easy this season.
The men and women of one Ebola clinic in rural Liberia reflect on life inside the gates.
For nine days, waves of pro-democracy protests engulfed Hong Kong, swelling at times to tens of thousands of people and raising tensions with Beijing.
The Brown sisters have been photographed every year since 1975. The latest image in the series is published here for the first time.
Few collegians work as hard as the U.S. Military Academy’s 786 female cadets.
A journey through the state, featuring Jimmy Carter, Civil War re-enactors and newborn Cabbage Patch Kids.
A panoramic view of the progress at the new World Trade Center site exactly 13 years after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Scenes of sorrow and violence in a Missouri town after an unarmed black teenager was shot by a police officer.
The damage to Gaza’s infrastructure from the current conflict is already more severe than the destruction caused by either of the last two Gaza wars.
The Times asked firefighters to submit their first fire experiences on City Room. Read a selection of those stories.
The daily tally of rocket attacks, airstrikes and deaths in the conflict between Israel and Hamas.
The reporter Damien Cave and the photographer Todd Heisler traveled up Interstate 35, from Laredo, Tex., to Duluth, Minn., chronicling how the middle of America is being changed by immigration.
World War I destroyed kings, kaisers, czars and sultans; it demolished empires; it introduced chemical weapons; it brought millions of women into the work force.
An evolution, from 1930 to today.
Despite a period of rising incomes, a tide of economic discontent helped make Narendra Modi the prime minister-elect.
A 32,000-ton arch that will end up costing $1.5 billion is being built in Chernobyl, Ukraine, to all but eliminate the risk of further contamination at the site of the 1986 nuclear reactor explosion.
Fairgoers share memories of family outings and moments of inspiration at the 1964 New York World’s Fair.
Runners, spectators and volunteers who were at the finish line of the Boston Marathon when the bombs exploded reflect on how their lives have been affected. Here are their stories of transformation.
Data from the Census Bureau show where the poor live.
Nelson Mandela’s death spurred an international outpouring of praise, remembrance and celebration.
What does the way you speak say about where you’re from? Answer the questions to see your personal dialect map.
Typhoon Haiyan, which cut a destructive path across the Philippines, is believed by some climatologists to be the strongest storm to ever make landfall.
Voters elected Bill de Blasio, but New York has always been a city of unofficial mayors.
Listen to New York Times editors, critics and reporters discuss the day’s news and features.
Source: http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/
12
Credit
Emilio Morenatti/Associated Press
Photos from The New York Times and photographers from around the world. Read more »
Photographers doing personal projects on social issues received $10,000 each on Thursday from the 2016 Getty Images Grants for Editorial Photography.Read more »
At the Silver Gull Beach Club in Breezy Point, Queens, George Etheredge documented how some New Yorkers whiled away leisure time at their summertime idyll.Read more »
Nick Hannes’s fascination with the Mediterranean led him to traverse the region making pictures whose details spoke metaphorically about the political and economic upheaval of recent years.Read more »
Marie Dorigny’s intimate photos of women who arrived in Europe as migrants are on display at the Visa Pour l’Image photo festival in Perpignan, France.Read more »
Niels Ackermann’s award-winning pictures capture personal stories in Ukraine.Read more »
Clay Benskin, a photographer with no formal training, takes pictures of a city in which surveillance is so pervasive the people under its eye no longer notice it.Read more »
Photos from The New York Times and photographers from around the world. Read more »
Shani Crowe’s photographs capture the importance of a communal tradition through the years.Read more »
After a far-reaching social media campaign grew quiet, one photographer has spotlighted the continuing horror, grief and confusion pervading Nigeria, a country caught in the grip of a terrorist group.Read more »
Denizens and landscapes of a less-glamorized version of Los Angeles pique the interest of a photographer who is not distracted by the shine the city can so often project. Read more »
Lens is the photojournalism blog of The New York Times, presenting the finest and most interesting visual and multimedia reporting -- photographs, videos and slide shows. A showcase for Times photographers, it also seeks to highlight the best work of other newspapers, magazines and news and picture agencies; in print, in books, in galleries, in museums and on the Web. And it will draw on The Times's own pictorial archive, numbering in the millions of images and going back to the early 20th century. E-mail us tips, story suggestions and ideas to lensnytimes@gmail.com.
Source: http://www.nytwineclub.com/!NYPPP0150302/
13
Hmm, looks like that page doesn't exist.
It might be time to go home!
Source: http://nytedu.com/
14
Educational programs that reflect the scope and relevance of The Times.
Join us for the launch of our new VR series in partnership with The New York Times’s award-winning virtual reality team. Sign up for our first live stream event and receive a complimentary invitation to our VR Viewing Party on September 23.
This annual event brings together some of the country's leading minds in the field of college admissions. On October 8, hear directly from admissions professionals, understand what they look for and discover the proactive steps that students can take to differentiate themselves throughout the application process.
Learn from top New York Times critics as they share personal stories that reveal the processes, approaches and best practices behind their reviews. Explore a new and fresh perspective on delivering constructive criticism, a skill that can propel you in both your personal and professional life.
Taught by award-winning New York Times staff and top experts across several fields, our courses are designed to provide access and insights you won’t find anywhere else.
Lauren Reddy
Fernando Perez
Shira Dicker
Matt Fordahl
Meet our Pre-Collegiate students, discover their reasons for choosing nytEducation and learn more about their unique experiences at The School of The New York Times.
Sign up for updates about our programs, courses and events.
nytEducation offers courses, events and exclusive content for pre-collegiate and professional audiences, all reflecting the scope and relevance of The New York Times.
Learn with
© 2016 nytEducation. All rights reserved.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/todayspaper/index.html
15
The daily newspaper, reimagined for the Web.
Available to subscribers.
Owners of Anbang, a Chinese insurer behind a wave of multibillion-dollar deals, include relatives and friends of its politically connected chairman.
A document obtained by The Times shows the wording suggested by advisers for Mr. Trump’s replies to questions about race, religion and racism.
Four years after he was accused of meddling in the American election, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel is being careful not to take sides.
A contentious dam project that dates to the 1950s is more than 80 percent complete, and the filling of a reservoir will swamp much of the town of Hasankeyf.
The fiery blast also destroyed a satellite that Facebook had planned to use to expand internet services in Africa.
The new boom in American prisons is happening in mostly white, rural and politically conservative areas.
The school, which in 1838 profited from the sale of 272 slaves, plans to award preferential status in the admissions process to descendants of slaves.
T MAGAZINE
Cinema’s goth-quirk king has a new film, ”Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children,” out in September, and a recently self-published book of drawings titled ”The Napkin Art of Tim Burton.” He sketched his answers to our questions using pen, ink and watercolor.
Illustrated Interview | Tim Burton
Tunneling Under the Border With Mexico
Brazil’s New President Addresses Nation
2 Hospitals Donate Care to Orlando Shooting Victims
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/blogs/directory.html
16
Back to top
Fast-paced and comprehensive coverage of politics and elections.
Read First Draft »
Insight and images from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iraq in the post-9/11 era.
Read At War »
Visual and multimedia reporting — photographs, videos and slide shows.
Read Lens »
Back to top
A blog about code and development written by New York Times developers.
Read Open »
Back to top
Notes from the newsroom on grammar, usage and style.
Read After Deadline »
A blog by Elizabeth Spayd, the readers' representative.
Read The Public Editor »
Back to top
Tara Parker-Pope reports on medical science, nutrition, fitness and family health.
Read Well »
Teaching and learning, with The New York Times as a resource.
Read The Learning Network »
Back to top
All about The Times's crossword puzzle, constructors and clues.
Read Wordplay »
Highlights from The International Herald Tribune's storied reportage.
Read IHT Retrospective »
Back to top
Christoph Niemann's illustrated reflections of life.
Read Abstract Sunday »
Back to top
Exclusive commentary on politics, law, science, finance and more.
Read Opinionator »
Political commentary from Andrew Rosenthal, the editorial page editor, and the editorial board.
Read Taking Note »
Andrew C. Revkin on climate change and the environment.
Read Dot Earth »
The Op-Ed columnist's reflections on news and culture.
Read Frank Bruni »
The Op-Ed columnist's collection of recent intellectual, cultural and scientific findings.
Read David Brooks »
The Op-Ed columnist's observations on the intersection of politics and culture.
Read Ross Douthat »
The Op-Ed columnist on the thoughts that shape his columns and follow his travels.
Read Nicholas D. Kristof »
The Op-Ed columnist on the politics and economics of inequality.
Read Paul Krugman »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/topics/
17
Susan Walsh/Associated Press
Each topic page collects all the news, reference and archival information, photos, graphics, audio and video files published on topics ranging from A M Castle & Company to Zyuganov, Gennadi A. This treasure trove is available without charge on articles going back to 1981.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/marketing/tools-and-services/
18
Access the NYTimes on the go using our collection of phone and tablet apps for iPhone, iPad, Android, Windows Phone, BlackBerry, and Kindle Fire.
Sign up for free daily and weekly newsletters on collecting important headlines, breaking news, lifestyle, or special offers delivered straight to your inbox.
Find out what articles Times readers are reading, sharing, and searching for the most.
Based on what you've been reading recently, get article suggestions for you to dig deeper.
Want the firehose? Times Wire is a continuous stream of the latest articles and blog posts published.
Sign up for emails when articles are published that match selected topics or keywords.
Add articles to your saved list to read later or for reference. They'll be available on the website or the apps no matter where you saved it.
Go back through history. Choose an issue from 1851 through 1922 and flip through the pages in their original look and feel.
Test drive experiments from journalists, developers and project managers, including TimesMachine, Deep Dive, and nytimes.com/accessible for sight-impaired readers.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/ref/classifieds/
19
See listings from each of the categories below.
Ads placed in the online classifieds will not appear in the newspaper edition of The New York Times, except where noted.*
Call the appropriate number below or use the Ad Portal to have your classified ad appear in the print edition of The New York Times.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/corrections/index.html
20
Corrections appearing in print on Friday, September 2, 2016.
Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, September 1, 2016.
Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, August 31, 2016.
Corrections appearing in print on Tuesday, August 30, 2016.
Corrections appearing in print on Monday, August 29, 2016.
Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, August 28, 2016.
Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, August 27, 2016.
The Times welcomes complaints about errors that warrant correction. Messages on news coverage can be e-mailed to nytnews@nytimes.com or left toll-free at 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397). Comments on editorials may be e-mailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.
Readers concerned about issues of journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7646.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/upshot/new-geography-of-prisons.html
21
By JOSH KELLER and ADAM PEARCE
SEPT. 2, 2016
LAWRENCEBURG, Ind. — Donnie Gaddis picked the wrong county to sell 15 oxycodone pills to an undercover officer.
If Mr. Gaddis had been caught 20 miles to the east, in Cincinnati, he would have received a maximum of six months in prison, court records show. In San Francisco or Brooklyn, he would probably have received drug treatment or probation, lawyers say.
But Mr. Gaddis lived in Dearborn County, Ind., which sends more people to prison per capita than nearly any other county in the United States. After agreeing to a plea deal, he was sentenced to 12 years in prison.
“Years? Holy Toledo — I’ve settled murders for a lot less than that,” said Philip Stephens, a public defender in Cincinnati.
People in rural areas are much more likely to go to prison than people in urban areas, a major shift from a decade ago.
25
Small
counties
Less than
100,000 people
Midsized
counties
 
 
20
100K to 300K
New inmates per 10,000 residents
Populous
counties
 
 
More than 300k
15
’13
’06
Dearborn County represents the new boom in American prisons: mostly white, rural and politically conservative.
A bipartisan campaign to reduce mass incarceration has led to enormous declines in new inmates from big cities, cutting America’s prison population for the first time since the 1970s. From 2006 to 2014, annual prison admissions dropped 36 percent in Indianapolis; 37 percent in Brooklyn; 69 percent in Los Angeles County; and 93 percent in San Francisco.
But large parts of rural and suburban America — overwhelmed by the heroin epidemic and concerned about the safety of diverting people from prison — have gone the opposite direction. Prison admissions in counties with fewer than 100,000 people have risen even as crime has fallen, according to a New York Times analysis, which offers a newly detailed look at the geography of American incarceration.
Just a decade ago, people in rural, suburban and urban areas were all about equally likely to go to prison. But now people in small counties are about 50 percent more likely to go to prison than people in populous counties.
The stark disparities in how counties punish crime show the limits of recent state and federal changes to reduce the number of inmates. Far from Washington and state capitals, county prosecutors and judges continue to wield great power over who goes to prison and for how long. And many of them have no interest in reducing the prison population.
“I am proud of the fact that we send more people to jail than other counties,” Aaron Negangard, the elected prosecutor in Dearborn County, said last year. “That’s how we keep it safe here.”
He added in an interview: “My constituents are the people who decide whether I keep doing my job. The governor can’t make me. The legislature can’t make me.”
Counties throughout rural and suburban America have resisted efforts to reduce incarceration, especially in a prison belt stretching from Texas to Indiana.
But many criminal justice experts say that the size of the disparities undercuts the basic promise of equal protection under the law.
“Letting local prosecutors enforce state laws differently throws all notions of equality under the law out the window,” said Peter Wagner, executive director of the Prison Policy Initiative, which advocates reducing incarceration rates. “This data puts governors and legislative leaders on notice that if they want to put criminal justice reforms into effect, they need to look at how prosecutors use and abuse their discretion.”
The analysis is based on previously unpublished data from the Department of Justice on state prisons, which hold the vast majority of American inmates sentenced to a year or more.
The divide does not appear to be driven by changes in crime, which fell in rural and urban areas at roughly equal rates, according to the F.B.I. Instead, it reflects growing disagreement about how harshly crime should be punished, especially drivers of the criminal justice system like theft, drugs, weapons and drunken driving.
Cities have adopted a more lenient approach to drug offenses in particular, diverting many low-level drug offenders to probation or treatment rather than to jail.
Those choices have started to reverse — if only modestly — longstanding racial disparities in American prisons, where blacks and Hispanics are incarcerated at drastically higher rates than whites. The annual number of new black prison inmates fell by about 25 percent from 2006 to 2013, and the number of Hispanic inmates fell by about 30 percent, while the number of new white inmates fell by only about 8 percent, according to the most complete federal data.
The number of black prisoners is still “shockingly high,” said Marc Mauer, executive director of the Sentencing Project. “Nonetheless, these numbers are encouraging. It suggests that this is not necessarily an intractable problem.”
But rural, mostly white and politically conservative counties have continued to send more drug offenders to prison, reflecting the changing geography of addiction. While crack cocaine addiction was centered in cities, opioid and meth addiction are ravaging small communities like those in Dearborn County, where 97 percent of the population is white.
A collection of small, quiet towns near the Ohio River, Dearborn County does not look like a prison capital. Violent crime is rare. There are few empty storefronts. And local officials, flush with money brought in by a popular local casino, have built a convention center and a high school football field fit for a movie set.
But the extraordinarily high incarceration rate here — about one in 10 adults is in prison, jail or probation — is driven less by crime and poverty than by a powerful prosecutor, hard-line judges and a growing heroin epidemic.
Opioid addiction spread early here. Mr. Negangard, the prosecutor, has fought the heroin crisis by aggressively going after drug crimes.
“If you’re not prosecuting, then you’re de facto legalizing it,” Mr. Negangard said.
Mr. Negangard has faced few obstacles to getting more convictions. He supervises his own police force, an unusual arrangement that allows him to investigate and prosecute most of the county’s serious crime. The police go after even minor drug cases, often offering to dismiss drug possession charges in exchange for information on friends or family members who sell drugs.
Dearborn County has more than quadrupled the number of people it sends to prison since 2003.
New inmates per 10,000 residents
Dearborn
County
100
75
50
Indiana
average
25
0
’03
’14
Probation officials are just as strict. Offenders released on probation are tested for drugs frequently, and hundreds of people who violate the terms of their probation have been sent to state prison in the past few years.
By 2014, Dearborn County sentenced more people to prison than San Francisco or Westchester County, N.Y., which each have at least 13 times as many people.
“It’s government run amok,” said Douglas A. Garner, a local criminal defense attorney.
Lawmakers in Indiana, concerned about the rising cost of incarceration, enacted a law that reduced criminal penalties starting in 2014 — one of at least 40 states to approve measures to reduce incarceration in the past few years. The bill was signed into law by Gov. Mike Pence, now the Republican vice-presidential nominee.
But the new rules, which Mr. Negangard fought, have done little to curb incarceration rates in Dearborn County.
Mr. Negangard said the long sentences here are the envy of police officers in Cincinnati. If a suspect is willing to sell drugs in Dearborn County, the Cincinnati police will help steer the case here, where greater punishment is almost assured, he said.
4 MILES
HAMILTON
COUNTY
21
OHIO
DEARBORN
COUNTY
114 admissions
per 10,000
people
Cincinnati
Lawrenceburg
INDIANA
BOONE
COUNTY
KENTON
COUNTY
37
CAMPBELL
COUNTY
52
75
KENTUCKY
One Cincinnati man, Scott Huy, drove from Cincinnati to Dearborn County in 2013, enticed by a heroin deal set up by a police informer. Mr. Huy had already been convicted of drug trafficking twice in Ohio, for which he had served a total of five years in prison.
After Mr. Huy sold seven grams of heroin to an undercover officer, he was sentenced to 35 years.
Lawyers here have a term for when defendants like Mr. Huy realize the geographic disparity: “sticker shock.”
Defense lawyers outside Dearborn County respond with disbelief as well.
“That is so far out of line with the crime itself and any common notion of decency,” Jeff Adachi, San Francisco’s public defender, said of Mr. Huy’s sentence.
Criminals with long prison sentences in Dearborn County would have received far shorter sentences elsewhere, or no prison time at all, defense attorneys say.
Scott Huy, 36
Sold 6.8 grams of heroin
Dakota Fraley, 22
Admitted to 10 burglaries
Donnie Gaddis, 41
Sold 15 oxycodone pills
Drug treatment
0 to 3 years
4 to 7 years
Likely sentence in Brooklyn
2 to 5 years
4 to 5 years
Up to 6 months
Likely sentence in Cincinnati
Drug treatment
0 to 3 years
2 to 4 years
Likely sentence in San Francisco
12 years
 
31.5 years
 
35 years
 
Actual sentence in Dearborn County
The rural resistance to lighter penalties goes beyond Indiana.
Prosecutors in New York City have sharply cut incarceration rates in part by diverting drug offenders from prison after state changes encouraged paths to treatment. But in the rest of the state, prosecutors and judges continue to put drug offenders in prison at a steady flow.
In Texas, a series of changes intended to cut the prison population led to large reductions in new prisoners from Houston and Austin. But the rest of the state has had only modest declines.
Court systems and jails in many populated areas are overcrowded, putting pressure on judges to offer probation. A federal court ordered California to reduce chronic prison overcrowding in 2009, leading to the largest declines in admissions in the country. Low-level offenders are now released on probation or diverted to local jails.
At the same time, cities tend to have more resources to fight addiction outside of jail and prison. In Cincinnati, most people who are caught with small quantities of drugs are charged with a crime but are diverted to drug court, where they are placed in an outpatient treatment program, said Mr. Stephens, the public defender. If the offender completes the program, the charge is dismissed.
“People are trying to work with it here in Cincinnati so it doesn’t overwhelm the justice system,” Mr. Stephens said.
In smaller counties, prisons are often the only well-funded response to a range of social ills, including drug abuse and mental illness.
To handle the expanded caseload, Dearborn County officials spent $11.5 million to double the size of the local jail and approved $11 million more to expand the county courthouse.
But money for drug treatment is scarce. At least 225 of the 250 inmates in the Dearborn County jail have a drug addiction, estimated Jonathan L. Cleary, a county judge. But drug treatment programs can serve only about 40 of them.
Mr. Negangard said he wished the county could find more money for drug treatment. But he said about half of all addicts in prison had a criminal mind-set and would keep committing crimes whether they got clean or not.
“We can’t just let the bad guys go,” he said.
The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: Rural Divide on Jail Time: Less Leniency. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/upshot/new-geography-of-prisons.html
22
By JOSH KELLER and ADAM PEARCE
SEPT. 2, 2016
LAWRENCEBURG, Ind. — Donnie Gaddis picked the wrong county to sell 15 oxycodone pills to an undercover officer.
If Mr. Gaddis had been caught 20 miles to the east, in Cincinnati, he would have received a maximum of six months in prison, court records show. In San Francisco or Brooklyn, he would probably have received drug treatment or probation, lawyers say.
But Mr. Gaddis lived in Dearborn County, Ind., which sends more people to prison per capita than nearly any other county in the United States. After agreeing to a plea deal, he was sentenced to 12 years in prison.
“Years? Holy Toledo — I’ve settled murders for a lot less than that,” said Philip Stephens, a public defender in Cincinnati.
People in rural areas are much more likely to go to prison than people in urban areas, a major shift from a decade ago.
25
Small
counties
Less than
100,000 people
Midsized
counties
 
 
20
100K to 300K
New inmates per 10,000 residents
Populous
counties
 
 
More than 300k
15
’13
’06
Dearborn County represents the new boom in American prisons: mostly white, rural and politically conservative.
A bipartisan campaign to reduce mass incarceration has led to enormous declines in new inmates from big cities, cutting America’s prison population for the first time since the 1970s. From 2006 to 2014, annual prison admissions dropped 36 percent in Indianapolis; 37 percent in Brooklyn; 69 percent in Los Angeles County; and 93 percent in San Francisco.
But large parts of rural and suburban America — overwhelmed by the heroin epidemic and concerned about the safety of diverting people from prison — have gone the opposite direction. Prison admissions in counties with fewer than 100,000 people have risen even as crime has fallen, according to a New York Times analysis, which offers a newly detailed look at the geography of American incarceration.
Just a decade ago, people in rural, suburban and urban areas were all about equally likely to go to prison. But now people in small counties are about 50 percent more likely to go to prison than people in populous counties.
The stark disparities in how counties punish crime show the limits of recent state and federal changes to reduce the number of inmates. Far from Washington and state capitals, county prosecutors and judges continue to wield great power over who goes to prison and for how long. And many of them have no interest in reducing the prison population.
“I am proud of the fact that we send more people to jail than other counties,” Aaron Negangard, the elected prosecutor in Dearborn County, said last year. “That’s how we keep it safe here.”
He added in an interview: “My constituents are the people who decide whether I keep doing my job. The governor can’t make me. The legislature can’t make me.”
Counties throughout rural and suburban America have resisted efforts to reduce incarceration, especially in a prison belt stretching from Texas to Indiana.
But many criminal justice experts say that the size of the disparities undercuts the basic promise of equal protection under the law.
“Letting local prosecutors enforce state laws differently throws all notions of equality under the law out the window,” said Peter Wagner, executive director of the Prison Policy Initiative, which advocates reducing incarceration rates. “This data puts governors and legislative leaders on notice that if they want to put criminal justice reforms into effect, they need to look at how prosecutors use and abuse their discretion.”
The analysis is based on previously unpublished data from the Department of Justice on state prisons, which hold the vast majority of American inmates sentenced to a year or more.
The divide does not appear to be driven by changes in crime, which fell in rural and urban areas at roughly equal rates, according to the F.B.I. Instead, it reflects growing disagreement about how harshly crime should be punished, especially drivers of the criminal justice system like theft, drugs, weapons and drunken driving.
Cities have adopted a more lenient approach to drug offenses in particular, diverting many low-level drug offenders to probation or treatment rather than to jail.
Those choices have started to reverse — if only modestly — longstanding racial disparities in American prisons, where blacks and Hispanics are incarcerated at drastically higher rates than whites. The annual number of new black prison inmates fell by about 25 percent from 2006 to 2013, and the number of Hispanic inmates fell by about 30 percent, while the number of new white inmates fell by only about 8 percent, according to the most complete federal data.
The number of black prisoners is still “shockingly high,” said Marc Mauer, executive director of the Sentencing Project. “Nonetheless, these numbers are encouraging. It suggests that this is not necessarily an intractable problem.”
But rural, mostly white and politically conservative counties have continued to send more drug offenders to prison, reflecting the changing geography of addiction. While crack cocaine addiction was centered in cities, opioid and meth addiction are ravaging small communities like those in Dearborn County, where 97 percent of the population is white.
A collection of small, quiet towns near the Ohio River, Dearborn County does not look like a prison capital. Violent crime is rare. There are few empty storefronts. And local officials, flush with money brought in by a popular local casino, have built a convention center and a high school football field fit for a movie set.
But the extraordinarily high incarceration rate here — about one in 10 adults is in prison, jail or probation — is driven less by crime and poverty than by a powerful prosecutor, hard-line judges and a growing heroin epidemic.
Opioid addiction spread early here. Mr. Negangard, the prosecutor, has fought the heroin crisis by aggressively going after drug crimes.
“If you’re not prosecuting, then you’re de facto legalizing it,” Mr. Negangard said.
Mr. Negangard has faced few obstacles to getting more convictions. He supervises his own police force, an unusual arrangement that allows him to investigate and prosecute most of the county’s serious crime. The police go after even minor drug cases, often offering to dismiss drug possession charges in exchange for information on friends or family members who sell drugs.
Dearborn County has more than quadrupled the number of people it sends to prison since 2003.
New inmates per 10,000 residents
Dearborn
County
100
75
50
Indiana
average
25
0
’03
’14
Probation officials are just as strict. Offenders released on probation are tested for drugs frequently, and hundreds of people who violate the terms of their probation have been sent to state prison in the past few years.
By 2014, Dearborn County sentenced more people to prison than San Francisco or Westchester County, N.Y., which each have at least 13 times as many people.
“It’s government run amok,” said Douglas A. Garner, a local criminal defense attorney.
Lawmakers in Indiana, concerned about the rising cost of incarceration, enacted a law that reduced criminal penalties starting in 2014 — one of at least 40 states to approve measures to reduce incarceration in the past few years. The bill was signed into law by Gov. Mike Pence, now the Republican vice-presidential nominee.
But the new rules, which Mr. Negangard fought, have done little to curb incarceration rates in Dearborn County.
Mr. Negangard said the long sentences here are the envy of police officers in Cincinnati. If a suspect is willing to sell drugs in Dearborn County, the Cincinnati police will help steer the case here, where greater punishment is almost assured, he said.
4 MILES
HAMILTON
COUNTY
21
OHIO
DEARBORN
COUNTY
114 admissions
per 10,000
people
Cincinnati
Lawrenceburg
INDIANA
BOONE
COUNTY
KENTON
COUNTY
37
CAMPBELL
COUNTY
52
75
KENTUCKY
One Cincinnati man, Scott Huy, drove from Cincinnati to Dearborn County in 2013, enticed by a heroin deal set up by a police informer. Mr. Huy had already been convicted of drug trafficking twice in Ohio, for which he had served a total of five years in prison.
After Mr. Huy sold seven grams of heroin to an undercover officer, he was sentenced to 35 years.
Lawyers here have a term for when defendants like Mr. Huy realize the geographic disparity: “sticker shock.”
Defense lawyers outside Dearborn County respond with disbelief as well.
“That is so far out of line with the crime itself and any common notion of decency,” Jeff Adachi, San Francisco’s public defender, said of Mr. Huy’s sentence.
Criminals with long prison sentences in Dearborn County would have received far shorter sentences elsewhere, or no prison time at all, defense attorneys say.
Scott Huy, 36
Sold 6.8 grams of heroin
Dakota Fraley, 22
Admitted to 10 burglaries
Donnie Gaddis, 41
Sold 15 oxycodone pills
Drug treatment
0 to 3 years
4 to 7 years
Likely sentence in Brooklyn
2 to 5 years
4 to 5 years
Up to 6 months
Likely sentence in Cincinnati
Drug treatment
0 to 3 years
2 to 4 years
Likely sentence in San Francisco
12 years
 
31.5 years
 
35 years
 
Actual sentence in Dearborn County
The rural resistance to lighter penalties goes beyond Indiana.
Prosecutors in New York City have sharply cut incarceration rates in part by diverting drug offenders from prison after state changes encouraged paths to treatment. But in the rest of the state, prosecutors and judges continue to put drug offenders in prison at a steady flow.
In Texas, a series of changes intended to cut the prison population led to large reductions in new prisoners from Houston and Austin. But the rest of the state has had only modest declines.
Court systems and jails in many populated areas are overcrowded, putting pressure on judges to offer probation. A federal court ordered California to reduce chronic prison overcrowding in 2009, leading to the largest declines in admissions in the country. Low-level offenders are now released on probation or diverted to local jails.
At the same time, cities tend to have more resources to fight addiction outside of jail and prison. In Cincinnati, most people who are caught with small quantities of drugs are charged with a crime but are diverted to drug court, where they are placed in an outpatient treatment program, said Mr. Stephens, the public defender. If the offender completes the program, the charge is dismissed.
“People are trying to work with it here in Cincinnati so it doesn’t overwhelm the justice system,” Mr. Stephens said.
In smaller counties, prisons are often the only well-funded response to a range of social ills, including drug abuse and mental illness.
To handle the expanded caseload, Dearborn County officials spent $11.5 million to double the size of the local jail and approved $11 million more to expand the county courthouse.
But money for drug treatment is scarce. At least 225 of the 250 inmates in the Dearborn County jail have a drug addiction, estimated Jonathan L. Cleary, a county judge. But drug treatment programs can serve only about 40 of them.
Mr. Negangard said he wished the county could find more money for drug treatment. But he said about half of all addicts in prison had a criminal mind-set and would keep committing crimes whether they got clean or not.
“We can’t just let the bad guys go,” he said.
The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: Rural Divide on Jail Time: Less Leniency. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/politics/index.html
23
From left: Lester Holt, Martha Raddatz, Anderson Cooper and Chris Wallace.
Chris Wallace, Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper were also picked by the Commission on Presidential Debates.
Bishop Wayne T. Jackson at Great Faith Ministries in Detroit on Tuesday. Bishop Jackson is scheduled to interview Donald J. Trump on Saturday.
A document obtained by The Times shows the wording suggested by advisers for Mr. Trump’s replies to questions about race, religion and racism.
Given the importance of Donald J. Trump’s visit to a black church, the Trump campaign went so far as to script Mr. Trump’s answers to the church’s pastor’s questions, which were submitted in advance.
Some of Mr. Trump’s top Hispanic Republican supporters denounced his reversal after signaling a more conciliatory approach to illegal immigrants less than two weeks ago.
His proposals include ending so-called sanctuary cities, assembling a deportation task force, maintaining “zero tolerance for criminal aliens” and putting up a wall.
August was Mrs. Clinton’s most successful fund-raising month so far, and the haul lays the groundwork for a substantial investment in swing states before the election.
Here’s a look at how the Republican candidate’s positions on immigration have changed, or remained the same, throughout the campaign.
Which statements caused Republicans to bail on Donald Trump.
Republicans have narrowed the Democrats’ lead in registered voters in several swing states, especially in North Carolina and Florida.
The Upshot’s presidential forecast, updated daily.
Get the latest national and state polls on the presidential election between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump.
Amid an uproar over the steep rise in the cost of EpiPens, Mrs. Clinton said she would create a team of federal officials to protect consumers by monitoring rises in price.
Nearly two decades after the $200 billion settlement to compensate the public for health consequences of smoking, the industry still wields clout in Washington.
A top aide to Hillary Clinton agreed to try to obtain a diplomatic passport for an adviser to Bill Clinton in 2009, according to newly released emails.
The candidate’s wife, seeking $150 million in damages, said the tabloid published false statements, including one that she was an escort before she met her husband.
The president, an eye on his legacy, recognized the expansion of the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument in the remote reaches of the Pacific.
Following is a transcript of the remarks by Donald J. Trump on immigration in Phoenix on Wednesday, as transcribed by the Federal News Service.
Mr. Trump is trying to avoid discussion of his former campaign pledges without renouncing them, and to make conciliatory gestures without withdrawing offensive remarks.
He is hoping to announce progress with China on the Paris climate accord and will state his case with other Asian countries on the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
A deadlocked court refused to revive parts of the law that a federal appeals court had struck down as an effort to “target African Americans with almost surgical precision.”
In a quick visit to Mexico, the candidate did something he had failed to do in his campaign: communicate provocative ideas with something resembling diplomacy.
An exploration of impulsiveness and narcissism in politics. Did we create these forces or are we their victim?
Democrats and Republicans are finding the politics of the far-reaching Trans-Pacific Partnership trade accord so risky that its prospects are uncertain.
Fences along the frontier have only helped push smugglers underground, and experts say it may be years before the technology exists to reliably detect the tunnels.
A proposal to shave the tax rate on business income would also help out hedge funds and private equity shops.
A weekly politics chat looks at what Donald Trump could be doing now to cut into his polling deficit, and what he could have done from the very start.
The latest news from the campaign trail.
Republican Senate seats that were considered to be tossups before Donald J. Trump became the Republican nominee may be even more vulnerable now.
Officials say that Russian hackers may have breached the email accounts of more than 100 officials and groups.
The Times wants to learn more about how political campaigns are targeting voters with online advertising. Install this tool to share with us the ads you see.
Mr. Trump’s supporters often chant vitriolic, even violent slogans at his campaign events. New York Times reporters documented examples over several weeks.
People who donated to establishment Republican candidates in the primary season are more likely to give money to Hillary Clinton than to Donald J. Trump.
Almost all presidential nominees since 1976 have made their tax returns public, most around Tax Day in April — about 200 days before the election.
While Donald J. Trump or Hillary Clinton will represent the entire country, the Americans who selected them are a small part of it.
A private email server used by Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state has been the focus of a half-dozen inquiries and legal proceedings.
See how the latest fund-raising numbers from the campaigns and outside groups stack up.
Donald J. Trump has turned the campaign news conference, typically a dreary affair, into a spectacle of self-promotion.
The New York Times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign.
A visual analysis of the presidential and vice-presidential convention speeches.
Here’s the latest news and analysis of the candidates and issues shaping the presidential race.
Browse New York Times photos and slideshows from the 2016 presidential campaign.
See what the candidates are saying about gun control, immigration and more, and how their positions align with the American people.
Breaking down the messaging powering the 2016 presidential election.
An attempt to categorize every insult Donald J. Trump has made on Twitter since declaring his candidacy for president.
Americans share their hopes, fears and frustrations in interviews from the campaign trail.
With 13 more Election Days, the primary season still has a long way to go. Here we answer your questions about how live election results are reported and published on the New York Times website and apps.
How to turn the G.O.P. from the party of “no” to the party of “let’s talk.”
Laws in many states actually work against women’s health, by making safe drugs less accessible.
U.S.
President Obama spoke to Julie Hirschfeld Davis of The New York Times about climate change and conservation during a trip to Midway Atoll to expand a protected national monument to create the world’s largest marine preserve.
The Times Interviews Obama on Climate Change
Trump Emphasizes Border Security
Applying for Housing at a Trump Property in the '60s
Donald Trump Changes Tone on Immigration
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/business/presidential-debate-moderators-lester-holt-chris-wallace.html
24

By JOHN KOBLIN and ALEXANDER BURNSSEPT. 2, 2016
Lester Holt, Martha Raddatz, Anderson Cooper and Chris Wallace have been selected to moderate this year’s presidential debates, the Commission on Presidential Debates announced on Friday.
Mr. Holt, the anchor of the “NBC Nightly News,” will moderate the first debate on Sept. 26; Ms. Raddatz of ABC and Mr. Cooper of CNN will moderate the town hall debate on Oct. 9; and Mr. Wallace of Fox News will handle the final debate on Oct. 19.
All are first-time presidential debate moderators.
Additionally, the CBS News correspondent Elaine Quijano will moderate the vice-presidential debate on Oct. 4.
The debates may be the best remaining opportunity for both candidates to reshape the 2016 race — and for Donald J. Trump, who is trailing in the polls, to gain ground against Hillary Clinton.
Debates have allowed challengers and relative political newcomers to reach out to reluctant voters, providing reassurance about their qualifications. Barack Obama and Bill Clinton helped put to rest questions about their preparedness for the presidency in confident debate exchanges, and George W. Bush defied the caricature of himself as a lightweight by holding his own against Al Gore.
Even Mitt Romney, who ultimately lost to Mr. Obama, shook up the 2012 race late in the season by routing the president in their first debate.
Mr. Trump, facing significant skepticism among voters about his character and temperament, will be aiming for a similarly forceful performance. But Mrs. Clinton is one of the most practiced debaters in modern politics, after two campaigns for the Senate and the presidency, and she is perceived to have a considerable advantage.
While presidential debates also provide visibility for the moderators, they can have pitfalls.
Even in relatively normal election cycles, moderators are under intense scrutiny from the candidates — and their surrogates — who will freely point out any hint of bias. Questions perceived as either too soft or too hard-hitting can earn a day’s worth of headlines.
In 2012, after Candy Crowley of CNN fact-checked Mitt Romney and corrected him during a debate with Barack Obama, she was criticized by Republicans for behavior that they claimed overstepped the bounds of a moderator.
And in this election cycle, Mr. Trump has made sport of attacking moderators, particularly Megyn Kelly of Fox News. Last year, when she asked him a pointed question about his feelings toward women, Mr. Trump pursued a deeply personal monthslong crusade against her, denouncing her as unfair and “sick.”
He would go on to boycott a Fox News debate because of her involvement, eventually returning to the Fox debate stage but not before attacking her after the debate anyway. Mr. Trump and Ms. Kelly eventually reached an apparent détente in May of this year, when he appeared on her prime-time special.
Mr. Trump, though, was not alone in his displeasure during the parties’ primary races. After a debate on CNBC in October 2015, Republican candidates criticized the moderators, saying they were biased and unfair, which drove the news cycle for days.
But even if the moderator job can draw heavy fire, it offers a prestigious stage that can burnish a reputation. All three presidential debate moderators in the last election — Jim Lehrer, Bob Schieffer and Candy Crowley — have left regular television work, providing an open door for a new round of hosts.
The Commission on Presidential Debates, which selects the moderators, has long worked in secrecy, and network executives have said for months that they were unsure which anchors would be chosen. Openly campaigning for the job is frowned upon, though it occurs, and Mr. Trump has said in recent months that the debate schedule is rigged because two of the debates are scheduled against football games that are traditionally a big ratings draw.
Presidential debates, though, draw enormous ratings themselves, far greater than the 21 million average for Sunday Night Football games, the highest rated regular programming in television. The first presidential debate in the 2012 election drew around 70 million viewers.
And despite the controversy — or maybe because of it — the debate platform has gained significant attention in this election cycle.
Ratings records have been set going back to August 2015: The first Republican debate attracted 24 million viewers, the highest rated non-sports cable event in history. Democratic debates similarly broke viewing records for the party.
See More »
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/business/presidential-debate-moderators-lester-holt-chris-wallace.html
25

By JOHN KOBLIN and ALEXANDER BURNSSEPT. 2, 2016
Lester Holt, Martha Raddatz, Anderson Cooper and Chris Wallace have been selected to moderate this year’s presidential debates, the Commission on Presidential Debates announced on Friday.
Mr. Holt, the anchor of the “NBC Nightly News,” will moderate the first debate on Sept. 26; Ms. Raddatz of ABC and Mr. Cooper of CNN will moderate the town hall debate on Oct. 9; and Mr. Wallace of Fox News will handle the final debate on Oct. 19.
All are first-time presidential debate moderators.
Additionally, the CBS News correspondent Elaine Quijano will moderate the vice-presidential debate on Oct. 4.
The debates may be the best remaining opportunity for both candidates to reshape the 2016 race — and for Donald J. Trump, who is trailing in the polls, to gain ground against Hillary Clinton.
Debates have allowed challengers and relative political newcomers to reach out to reluctant voters, providing reassurance about their qualifications. Barack Obama and Bill Clinton helped put to rest questions about their preparedness for the presidency in confident debate exchanges, and George W. Bush defied the caricature of himself as a lightweight by holding his own against Al Gore.
Even Mitt Romney, who ultimately lost to Mr. Obama, shook up the 2012 race late in the season by routing the president in their first debate.
Mr. Trump, facing significant skepticism among voters about his character and temperament, will be aiming for a similarly forceful performance. But Mrs. Clinton is one of the most practiced debaters in modern politics, after two campaigns for the Senate and the presidency, and she is perceived to have a considerable advantage.
While presidential debates also provide visibility for the moderators, they can have pitfalls.
Even in relatively normal election cycles, moderators are under intense scrutiny from the candidates — and their surrogates — who will freely point out any hint of bias. Questions perceived as either too soft or too hard-hitting can earn a day’s worth of headlines.
In 2012, after Candy Crowley of CNN fact-checked Mitt Romney and corrected him during a debate with Barack Obama, she was criticized by Republicans for behavior that they claimed overstepped the bounds of a moderator.
And in this election cycle, Mr. Trump has made sport of attacking moderators, particularly Megyn Kelly of Fox News. Last year, when she asked him a pointed question about his feelings toward women, Mr. Trump pursued a deeply personal monthslong crusade against her, denouncing her as unfair and “sick.”
He would go on to boycott a Fox News debate because of her involvement, eventually returning to the Fox debate stage but not before attacking her after the debate anyway. Mr. Trump and Ms. Kelly eventually reached an apparent détente in May of this year, when he appeared on her prime-time special.
Mr. Trump, though, was not alone in his displeasure during the parties’ primary races. After a debate on CNBC in October 2015, Republican candidates criticized the moderators, saying they were biased and unfair, which drove the news cycle for days.
But even if the moderator job can draw heavy fire, it offers a prestigious stage that can burnish a reputation. All three presidential debate moderators in the last election — Jim Lehrer, Bob Schieffer and Candy Crowley — have left regular television work, providing an open door for a new round of hosts.
The Commission on Presidential Debates, which selects the moderators, has long worked in secrecy, and network executives have said for months that they were unsure which anchors would be chosen. Openly campaigning for the job is frowned upon, though it occurs, and Mr. Trump has said in recent months that the debate schedule is rigged because two of the debates are scheduled against football games that are traditionally a big ratings draw.
Presidential debates, though, draw enormous ratings themselves, far greater than the 21 million average for Sunday Night Football games, the highest rated regular programming in television. The first presidential debate in the 2012 election drew around 70 million viewers.
And despite the controversy — or maybe because of it — the debate platform has gained significant attention in this election cycle.
Ratings records have been set going back to August 2015: The first Republican debate attracted 24 million viewers, the highest rated non-sports cable event in history. Democratic debates similarly broke viewing records for the party.
See More »
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/politics/donald-trump-black-voters-wayne-jackson.html
26

By YAMICHE ALCINDORSEPT. 1, 2016
DETROIT — Donald J. Trump’s visit to a black church here on Saturday will be a major moment for a candidate with a history of offending the sensibilities of black Americans.
His team was leaving nothing to chance.
Instead of speaking to the congregation at Great Faith Ministries International, Mr. Trump had planned to be interviewed by its pastor in a session that would be closed to the public and the news media, with questions submitted in advance. And instead of letting Mr. Trump be his freewheeling self, his campaign prepared lengthy answers for the submitted questions, consulting black Republicans to make sure he says the right things.
An eight-page draft script obtained by The New York Times shows 12 questions that Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, the pastor, intends to ask Mr. Trump in the taped question-and-answer session, as well as the responses Mr. Trump is being advised to give.
The proposed answers were devised by aides working for the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee, according to an official who has been involved in the planning but declined to be identified while speaking about confidential strategy.
Given the importance of Donald J. Trump’s visit to a black church, the Trump campaign went so far as to script Mr. Trump’s answers to the church’s pastor's questions, which were submitted in advance. A draft of the script was obtained by The New York Times.
The document includes the exact wording of answers the aides are proposing for Mr. Trump to give to questions about police killings, racial tension and the perception among many black voters that he and the Republican Party are racist, among other topics.
The official said the answers could change based on feedback from the black Republicans they are consulting with.
After this article was published online Thursday night, Jason Miller, the senior communications adviser for the Trump campaign, said that Mr. Trump’s plans had changed and that he would address the congregation for five to 10 minutes after the interview. Mr. Trump will then visit neighborhoods with Ben Carson, a onetime campaign rival, who supports Mr. Trump and grew up in Detroit.
“If you know anything about Mr. Trump, it’s that he will want the opportunity to take his vision and message of opportunity directly to the people on Saturday,” Mr. Miller said.
It is not uncommon for a candidate to request interview questions in advance; aides to Hillary Clinton do it from time to time. But it is unusual for a campaign to go so far as to prepare a script for a candidate’s own responses, and highlights the sensitivity of Mr. Trump’s first appearance at a black church. A series of slights, including his questioning of President Obama’s birth certificate, has not endeared him to black voters.
The interview will air about a week later on the Impact Network, Bishop Jackson’s Christian cable TV channel. The official said several Trump aides would work with the network to edit the taped interview so that the final version reflected the campaign’s wishes. (On Thursday night, Mr. Miller said the campaign would not edit the interview.)
The arrangements had angered several black Republicans, who urged Mr. Trump, widely seen as distant from the black community, to speak for at least 10 minutes at the service, the official involved in the planning said. The official added that the campaign had been uncomfortable with Mr. Trump’s speaking before the congregation and had insisted on a private interview.
On Thursday night, the campaign said Mr. Trump would indeed address the congregation for a few minutes and would spend a half-hour casually speaking with church members individually.
Mr. Trump is well known for veering from prepared remarks or throwing them away entirely. That could happen on Saturday: Many of the answers being prepared for him do not sound much like Mr. Trump as his usual self.
When asked about his vision for black Americans, the script suggests that Mr. Trump stay positive, advising that he use lines such as “If we are to make America great again, we must reduce, rather than highlight, issues of race in this country” and “I want to make race disappear as a factor in government and governance.”
Subscribe for updates on the 2016 presidential race, the White House and Congress, delivered to your inbox Monday - Friday.
To a question submitted by Bishop Jackson about whether his campaign is racist, the script suggests that Mr. Trump avoid repeating the word, and instead speak about improving education and getting people off welfare and back to work. “The proof, as they say, will be in the pudding,” Mr. Trump is advised to say. “Coming into a community is meaningless unless we offer an alternative to the horrible progressive agenda that has perpetuated a permanent underclass in America.”
To the first question, “Are you a Christian and do you believe the Bible is an inspired word of God?” the scriptwriters have a response they hope will keep Mr. Trump from repeating previous stumbles when asked about his faith.
“As I went through my life, things got busy with business, but my family kept me grounded to the truth and the word of God,” the script has Mr. Trump saying. “I treasure my relationship with my family, and through them, I have a strong faith enriched by an ever-wonderful God.”
Bishop Jackson said Thursday that he saw no problem with the campaign’s asking to screen his questions, and noted that in the past he had given advance text of prayers he planned to deliver at the White House. “We want this to be as peaceful as possible,” he said. “That’s what I promised would happen. I promised that: You are coming into a place to be interviewed and we don’t want anybody to be hurt or anybody to be misused, so that’s it.”
Of all the proposed answers, the most Trump-like might be his reply to the final question of the interview: What he would say to undecided black voters?
“If you want a strong partner in this journey, you will vote for me. I will never let you down,” Mr. Trump is directed to say, adding, “By the way, my support is now up to 8 percent and climbing.”
Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: To Court Blacks, a Trump Script. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
See More »
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/politics/donald-trump-black-voters-wayne-jackson.html
27

By YAMICHE ALCINDORSEPT. 1, 2016
DETROIT — Donald J. Trump’s visit to a black church here on Saturday will be a major moment for a candidate with a history of offending the sensibilities of black Americans.
His team was leaving nothing to chance.
Instead of speaking to the congregation at Great Faith Ministries International, Mr. Trump had planned to be interviewed by its pastor in a session that would be closed to the public and the news media, with questions submitted in advance. And instead of letting Mr. Trump be his freewheeling self, his campaign prepared lengthy answers for the submitted questions, consulting black Republicans to make sure he says the right things.
An eight-page draft script obtained by The New York Times shows 12 questions that Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, the pastor, intends to ask Mr. Trump in the taped question-and-answer session, as well as the responses Mr. Trump is being advised to give.
The proposed answers were devised by aides working for the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee, according to an official who has been involved in the planning but declined to be identified while speaking about confidential strategy.
Given the importance of Donald J. Trump’s visit to a black church, the Trump campaign went so far as to script Mr. Trump’s answers to the church’s pastor's questions, which were submitted in advance. A draft of the script was obtained by The New York Times.
The document includes the exact wording of answers the aides are proposing for Mr. Trump to give to questions about police killings, racial tension and the perception among many black voters that he and the Republican Party are racist, among other topics.
The official said the answers could change based on feedback from the black Republicans they are consulting with.
After this article was published online Thursday night, Jason Miller, the senior communications adviser for the Trump campaign, said that Mr. Trump’s plans had changed and that he would address the congregation for five to 10 minutes after the interview. Mr. Trump will then visit neighborhoods with Ben Carson, a onetime campaign rival, who supports Mr. Trump and grew up in Detroit.
“If you know anything about Mr. Trump, it’s that he will want the opportunity to take his vision and message of opportunity directly to the people on Saturday,” Mr. Miller said.
It is not uncommon for a candidate to request interview questions in advance; aides to Hillary Clinton do it from time to time. But it is unusual for a campaign to go so far as to prepare a script for a candidate’s own responses, and highlights the sensitivity of Mr. Trump’s first appearance at a black church. A series of slights, including his questioning of President Obama’s birth certificate, has not endeared him to black voters.
The interview will air about a week later on the Impact Network, Bishop Jackson’s Christian cable TV channel. The official said several Trump aides would work with the network to edit the taped interview so that the final version reflected the campaign’s wishes. (On Thursday night, Mr. Miller said the campaign would not edit the interview.)
The arrangements had angered several black Republicans, who urged Mr. Trump, widely seen as distant from the black community, to speak for at least 10 minutes at the service, the official involved in the planning said. The official added that the campaign had been uncomfortable with Mr. Trump’s speaking before the congregation and had insisted on a private interview.
On Thursday night, the campaign said Mr. Trump would indeed address the congregation for a few minutes and would spend a half-hour casually speaking with church members individually.
Mr. Trump is well known for veering from prepared remarks or throwing them away entirely. That could happen on Saturday: Many of the answers being prepared for him do not sound much like Mr. Trump as his usual self.
When asked about his vision for black Americans, the script suggests that Mr. Trump stay positive, advising that he use lines such as “If we are to make America great again, we must reduce, rather than highlight, issues of race in this country” and “I want to make race disappear as a factor in government and governance.”
Subscribe for updates on the 2016 presidential race, the White House and Congress, delivered to your inbox Monday - Friday.
To a question submitted by Bishop Jackson about whether his campaign is racist, the script suggests that Mr. Trump avoid repeating the word, and instead speak about improving education and getting people off welfare and back to work. “The proof, as they say, will be in the pudding,” Mr. Trump is advised to say. “Coming into a community is meaningless unless we offer an alternative to the horrible progressive agenda that has perpetuated a permanent underclass in America.”
To the first question, “Are you a Christian and do you believe the Bible is an inspired word of God?” the scriptwriters have a response they hope will keep Mr. Trump from repeating previous stumbles when asked about his faith.
“As I went through my life, things got busy with business, but my family kept me grounded to the truth and the word of God,” the script has Mr. Trump saying. “I treasure my relationship with my family, and through them, I have a strong faith enriched by an ever-wonderful God.”
Bishop Jackson said Thursday that he saw no problem with the campaign’s asking to screen his questions, and noted that in the past he had given advance text of prayers he planned to deliver at the White House. “We want this to be as peaceful as possible,” he said. “That’s what I promised would happen. I promised that: You are coming into a place to be interviewed and we don’t want anybody to be hurt or anybody to be misused, so that’s it.”
Of all the proposed answers, the most Trump-like might be his reply to the final question of the interview: What he would say to undecided black voters?
“If you want a strong partner in this journey, you will vote for me. I will never let you down,” Mr. Trump is directed to say, adding, “By the way, my support is now up to 8 percent and climbing.”
Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: To Court Blacks, a Trump Script. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
See More »
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/politics/trump-jackson-excerpts.html
28

SEPT. 1, 2016
Donald J. Trump is scheduled to make a highly anticipated visit to an African-American church in Detroit on Saturday, the first such visit of his campaign. There, he will participate in a question-and-answer session conducted by Bishop Wayne T. Jackson of the church, Great Faith Ministries International.
Given the importance of the visit, the Trump team went so far as to script Mr. Trump’s answers to Bishop Jackson’s questions, which were submitted in advance. After this article was published on Thursday night, a campaign official said that Mr. Trump would also speak to the church’s congregation and then tour some neighborhoods with Ben Carson, a former presidential candidate and Detroit native.
Below are excerpts from a draft of the script that was obtained by The New York Times.
_____
Mr. Trump there is racial divide in our country and it is evident that the tension is boiling over. Case and point Reverend Pinckney in South Carolina was gunned down when a white young man came into their Bible Study and slaughtered the Reverend and eight other individuals because he wanted to start a race war. What would your administration do to bring down the racial tension that is in our Country? In the Bible Jesus said that a house divided cannot stand.
Our best hope for erasing racial tensions in America is to work toward a color-blind society. In business, we hire, retain and award based on merit. In society, however, we have divisions that can only be eliminated if we have equal opportunity and then equal access to programs and institutions that will lift all people in the country. We have to reform our tax system so that we can spur economic growth for the long haul. We have to have stronger enforcement of immigration laws. We have to renegotiate our trade deals so that we can bring advantage back to the American workforce. But perhaps most important is that we must provide equal opportunity for a quality education for all Americans. The higher the educational attainment, the greater the likelihood one can climb the economic ladder. We must bring school choice programs to our cities and we must get rid of Common Core. We must make sure that access, affordability and accountability are brought into our higher education system. Without a focus on educational outcomes for every American, we will perpetuate the permanent underclass that progressive policies have sustained. Republicans like me need to have the courage to speak the truth about where we are and what has to be done. We have to have the courage to go into communities and work with everyone there to make sure that our schools are good and that our children have access to the whatever educational situation they may need. This is not something one person can do, but it is something that we can do together.
_____
Mr. Trump there is a perception that your administration is racist. With many of the African American voters their belief is that the Republican Party as a whole does not cater to African American needs. In 2008 and 2012 we had two Republican Candidates John McCain and Mitt Romney and neither one of them came to Detroit, or any urban area that I can remember to even address the concerns of our community. First I would like to commend you for coming to our community as a Republican Candidate. Second I need to know how would you change that perception in our community?
The proof, as they say, will be in the pudding. Coming into a community is meaningless unless we can offer an alternative to the horrible progressive agenda that has perpetuated a permanent underclass in America. We need to be true to our word and offer all Americans more opportunities so that each and every one of them can reach their full potential. This means economic policies that will bring jobs back to America and will raise wages for all. This means working hard to provide as many educational options as possible to our parents and children. This means cleaning up drugs and making our neighborhoods and communities safer. We need to get people off welfare and back to work. We need to make sure that anyone who qualifies can go into a bank, get a loan and then start a business. We need to reduce regulations and expand options for people who want to be independent of government. We need to make sure that people can worship how they want and where they want without worrying that some federal agency is going to threaten the religious liberties. Republicans have better options. We just need to have the courage to present them with conviction.
Subscribe for updates on the 2016 presidential race, the White House and Congress, delivered to your inbox Monday - Friday.
_____
Mr. Trump what is your vision for America? And specifically Black America? If you repeal Obama care what is your plan to provide health care and medicine to those who can’t afford it, yet need it the most?
See More »

As President, I must serve all Americans without regard to race, ethnicity or any other qualification. I must approach my task with the utmost wisdom and make sure that all Americans have opportunities to achieve to their potential. If we are to Make America Great Again, we must reduce, rather than highlight, issues of race in this country. I want to make race disappear as a factor in government and governance. Every individual, regardless of race or ethnicity, must have access to the full array of opportunities in America. My vision for America is that every citizen and legal resident of this nation will be able to stand side by side and be proud of the fact that they live in the greatest nation on earth.
As for the Affordable Care Act, I will work to repeal the act and replace it with market driven solutions that will offer more access to healthcare at more affordable prices. Every American should be able to purchase health insurance across state lines, have health savings account that belong to them, have price transparency so they can shop for the best services at the best prices and know that they will not have to compete with those who are clogging the system simply because they are in this country illegally. We want to block grant Medicaid so that states can provide services closer to the people. We want to make sure that every American has great economic opportunity so that they can seek out their own health insurance and still be able to afford it. This approach will serve all Americans and will ensure that more Americans are covered by better insurance and healthcare options.
_____
Mr. Trump I am a registered Democrat but I am an undecided voter in this election for 2016. It is not only myself but there has been a lot of Pastors and African Americans who have not made up their minds concerning who they are going to cast their vote for. The latest polls indicate that you have 1 percent of the African American vote. What can you say to undecided voters such as myself and others in the African American Community that will win our vote on November 8, 2016? And beyond winning, why is the African American vote important to you?
All votes are important to me and my campaign. Your vote, your neighbor’s vote, the vote of every American is critical and I must do all I can to make sure you know that if you vote for me, you are voting for a stronger, more vibrant America. My policies offer you a clear choice. You can continue down the road of progressivism that has created a permanent underclass in this country that, unfortunately, includes far too many people of color. If you want a better America, you must break from the historical hold that Democrats have had on people of color and move to options that allow you to achieve your potential. This is all about opportunity — not sub-standard outcomes and promises of things to come that never materialize. The progressives have worked tirelessly to bring all Americans down to one level rather than allowing as many as possible to rise as high as possible. Education, jobs, religious liberty and protection of civil rights are the promises that I will keep, not just utter to gain favor. If you are interested in a greater America with more opportunity, liberty and prosperity, you must take a chance and walk over to my side. If you want a strong partner in this journey, you will vote for me. I will never let you down. By the way, my support is now up to 8% and climbing.
Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/politics/melania-trump-lawsuit-daily-mail.html
29

By SYDNEY EMBERSEPT. 1, 2016
Melania Trump filed a libel lawsuit Thursday against the publisher of The Daily Mail, contending that it published an article that contained “false and defamatory statements,” including that she was once an escort.
In the lawsuit, which was filed in state court in Montgomery County, Md., Ms. Trump, the wife of Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, said the “defamatory statements” in the article “were attacks on her reputation which discouraged members of the public from having a positive opinion of her.”
The Daily Mail, a British tabloid, removed the article from its website, but by the time of the filing it had not issued a retraction and apology, according to the complaint. The Daily Mail published a retraction and apology after the lawsuit was filed Thursday.
Ms. Trump also sued Webster G. Tarpley, who runs the blog Tarpley.net, for a post published Aug. 2. Tarpley.net retracted the post on Aug. 22 and issued an apology to Ms. Trump.
Mr. Tarpley said in a statement that because Ms. Trump is a public figure, the bar is higher in proving a defamation claim than it is for someone who is not widely known. “Her lawsuit is a blatant attempt to intimidate not only me but journalists of all stripes into remaining silent with regard to public figures,” he said.
Charles J. Harder, a lawyer for Ms. Trump, said in a statement, “These defendants made several statements about Mrs. Trump that are 100 percent false and tremendously damaging to her personal and professional reputation.
“Their many lies include, among others, that Mrs. Trump supposedly was an ‘escort’ in the 1990s before she met her husband,” he added. “Defendants’ actions are so egregious, malicious and harmful to Mrs. Trump that her damages are estimated at $150 million.”
Mr. Harder represented the former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan, whose real name is Terry G. Bollea, in the invasion-of-privacy lawsuit against Gawker Media that led to Gawker’s bankruptcy filing and subsequent sale to Univision. Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley entrepreneur who spoke at the Republican National Convention in July, acknowledged after the Hogan trial that he had secretly provided financing for the case and others against Gawker.
Mr. Harder said last month that he had informed several news outlets, including Politico, Inquisitr and Liberal America, that they could face legal action for articles they published that Ms. Trump called defamatory.
Ms. Trump filed the lawsuit in Maryland because Mr. Tarpley lives there and “based upon the transaction of business in the State of Maryland by Tarpley and Daily Mail,” according to the complaint.
Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/politics/emails-raise-new-questions-about-clinton-foundation-ties-to-state-dept.html
30

By ERIC LICHTBLAUSEPT. 1, 2016
WASHINGTON — A top aide to Hillary Clinton at the State Department agreed to try to obtain a special diplomatic passport for an adviser to former President Bill Clinton in 2009, according to emails released Thursday, raising new questions about whether people tied to the Clinton Foundation received special access at the department.
The request by the adviser, Douglas J. Band, who started one arm of the Clintons’ charitable foundation, was unusual, and the State Department never issued the passport. Only department employees and others with diplomatic status are eligible for the special passports, which help envoys facilitate travel, officials said.
Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign said that there was nothing untoward about the request and that it related to an emergency trip that Mr. Clinton took to North Korea in 2009 to negotiate the release of two American journalists. Mrs. Clinton has long denied that donors had any special influence at the State Department.
The exchange about the passport, between Mr. Band and Huma Abedin, who was then a top State Department aide to Mrs. Clinton, was included in a set of more than 500 pages of emails made public by Judicial Watch, a conservative legal group that sued for their release.
“Need get me/justy and jd dip passports,” Mr. Band wrote to Ms. Abedin on July 27, 2009, referring to passports for himself and two other aides to Mr. Clinton, Justin Cooper and John Davidson.
“We had them years ago but they lapsed and we didn’t bother getting them,” Mr. Band wrote.
Ms. Abedin emailed back six minutes later to say, “OK will figure it out.”
Mr. Band did not explain in the email exchange why he and the others needed the diplomatic passports, and Ms. Abedin did not ask.
But a person with knowledge of the issue, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that the three men were arranging to travel with Mr. Clinton to Pyongyang less than a week later for the former president’s secret negotiations. Mr. Clinton already had a diplomatic passport as a former president.
Mrs. Clinton’s campaign accused Judicial Watch of misrepresenting the episode.
“Judicial Watch is now attacking State Department officials and the 42nd president of the United States for rescuing two American journalists from North Korea,” the campaign said. “This is a new low even for this right-wing organization that has been going after the Clintons since the 1990s.”
Traveling with a former president does not convey any special diplomatic status, the State Department indicated in a statement regarding the emails.
“Diplomatic passports are issued to Foreign Service officers or a person having diplomatic or comparable status,” the statement said.
“Any individuals who do not have this status are not issued diplomatic passports,” it said, adding that “the staff of former presidents are not included among those eligible to be issued a diplomatic passport.”
The emails released by Judicial Watch also include discussions about meetings between Mrs. Clinton and a number of people involved in major donations to the Clinton Foundation.
In one exchange in July 2009, Ms. Abedin told Mrs. Clinton’s scheduler that Mr. Clinton “wants to be sure” that Mrs. Clinton would be able to see Andrew Liveris, the chief executive of Dow Chemical, at an event the next night. Dow Chemical has been one of the biggest donors to the Clinton Foundation, giving $1 million to $5 million, records show.
Ms. Abedin arranged what she called “a pull-aside” for Mr. Liveris to speak with Mrs. Clinton in a private room after she arrived to give a speech, according to the emails, which did not explain the reason for the meeting.
The person with knowledge of the issue said that this email chain also related to Mr. Clinton’s North Korea trip because Mr. Liveris had offered to let Mr. Clinton use his private plane.
A separate batch of State Department documents released by Judicial Watch last month also revealed contacts between the State Department and Clinton Foundation donors. In one such exchange, Mr. Band sought to put a billionaire donor in touch with the department’s former ambassador to Lebanon.
Donald J. Trump, Mrs. Clinton’s Republican opponent, has seized on the documents, saying they revealed a “pay to play” operation.
Follow The New York Times’s politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A14 of the New York edition with the headline: Foundation and Clinton Again Face Scrutiny. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/politics/gop-hispanic-reaction-trump.html
31

By ALAN RAPPEPORTSEPT. 1, 2016
Donald J. Trump faced a backlash on Thursday from some of his top conservative Hispanic supporters, who said their hopes that he was softening his immigration policy had been dashed by his fiery speech Wednesday night, which they said was anti-immigrant.
Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, had shown signs in recent weeks that he was prepared to take a more conciliatory approach to immigrants who had entered the country illegally, dropping talk of a deportation force and instead speaking of treating those immigrants in a fair and humane fashion.
Less than two weeks ago, he held a meeting with his Hispanic advisory council in Trump Tower, leaving attendees with the impression that he was working on a new plan that included a path to citizenship.
That impression faded in Phoenix on Wednesday night.
“There was so much hope,” said Jacob Monty, a member of the Hispanic advisory council who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump. “He used us as props.”
Mr. Monty, a longtime Republican, said that Mr. Trump had appeared humble during the meeting, listened to their proposals, acknowledged the difficulty of deporting 11 million unauthorized immigrants and suggested that he was working on a new policy that included a path to legalization. Mr. Monty resigned from the council after Mr. Trump’s speech.
“That was not a Republican speech, that was populist propaganda,” Mr. Monty said. “He must listen to whoever speaks to him last.”
Ramiro Pena, a pastor from Texas who was on Mr. Trump’s advisory council, also abandoned the campaign. According to an email to the Trump campaign, obtained by Politico, Mr. Pena, who could not be reached for comment, said the group that Mr. Trump had formed was a “scam.”
Activists in Los Angeles and demonstrators in Phoeniz, Ariz., protested against Donald J. Trump’s bid for the White House and denounced his recent visit to Mexico City.
Other conservative Hispanic leaders were also disappointed.
Alfonso Aguilar, director of the American Principles Project’s Latino Partnership, who backed Mr. Trump and offered advice on immigration policy to his campaign, withdrew his support on Thursday morning. Mr. Aguilar said that he and other conservative Hispanic leaders had gotten behind Mr. Trump because they thought he would be able to work with Congress to get something done on immigration reform.
“A couple of weeks ago, it sounded as if there was going to be a pivot,” said Mr. Aguilar, who predicted that other Republican Latinos would soon renounce their support for Mr. Trump. “If you heard the speech last night, it was either self-deport or be deported.”
Some advisers who expressed concern said they still planned to stick with Mr. Trump, hopeful that their input might make a difference in the future.
Alberto Delgado, a Florida pastor who was at the meeting with Mr. Trump, was aware of his plans to build a wall and remove criminals who are in the country illegally. But he was disappointed to hear that all unauthorized immigrants would have to leave the country and go through an application process to return.
“That gets me a little bit,” said Mr. Delgado, who had been expecting to hear about a quick administrative fix that would keep families together. “If you apply, you don’t always get what you apply for.”
Still, Mr. Delgado said that he was not ready to quit the advisory group.
Mr. Trump has been trying to improve his Hispanic outreach efforts as he continues to lag behind Hillary Clinton in most national and state polls. Recently, he adjusted his pitch to minority voters to argue that his plans to restore law and order would be in their best interests and that Democrats were taking them for granted.
The Trump campaign shrugged off dissension among conservative Hispanics on Thursday.
“Mr. Trump has been consistent in advocating for an end to illegal immigration, and he will continue to reach out and work with voters from all communities to defeat crooked Hillary Clinton this fall,” said Jason Miller, a spokesman for the campaign.
Mr. Trump continued to talk tough on immigration on Thursday at a midday rally in Wilmington, Ohio.
“Last night I outlined a bold new immigration reform to create prosperity and opportunity for all of our people, especially those who have the least,” he told the crowd. “We will treat everyone with dignity, respect and compassion, but our greatest compassion will be for the American citizen.”
Here’s a look at how the Republican candidate’s positions on immigration have changed, or remained the same, throughout the campaign.
Some of Mr. Trump’s most ardent conservative backers, such as the commentators Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter, had expressed concern last week that Mr. Trump was preparing to reverse himself on immigration. Ms. Coulter’s fears were assuaged by the speech, which she called “the most magnificent” ever given.
Mr. Trump, for his part, continued to spar with President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico over who would pay for a border wall, vowing on Twitter that Mexico would bear the cost.
Mr. Peña Nieto fired back in a Twitter post of his own to say that, as they had discussed in person, his country would do no such thing.
For Hispanic leaders who have been critical of Mr. Trump, his speech in Arizona was more evidence that he has not changed and most likely will not.
Javier Palomarez, president of the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, said that Mr. Trump had proven to be a “clown” and that it was a sad moment for the Republican Party.
“I think he’s done for with the Hispanic community,” Mr. Palomarez told MSNBC on Thursday. “He’s never going to see the White House if he doesn’t get a significant portion of the Hispanic vote.”
Democrats sought to press their advantage with Hispanics on Thursday, describing Mr. Trump’s remarks as offensive and racist.
“This was a dark and disturbing speech,” Senator Tim Kaine, Mrs. Clinton’s running mate, said on CBS. “This is the kind of anti-immigrant language that’s always had a tiny fringe support in this country, but it was a speech that’s not worthy of a president.”
Nick Corasaniti contributed reporting.
Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A12 of the New York edition with the headline: Trump’s Fiery Immigration Speech Draws Backlash. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
See More »
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/business/economy/jobs-report-hiring-unemployment-wages-fed-interest-rates.html
32

By PATRICIA COHENSEPT. 2, 2016
Capping two consecutive months of hearty jobs gains, hiring eased in August, with the government reporting on Friday that employers expanded their payrolls by 151,000 workers. The temperate performance is expected to bolster those within the Federal Reserve who favor a wait-and-see approach toward raising the benchmark interest rate when the central bank meets later this month.
The official unemployment rate, based on a separate survey of households, remained at 4.9 percent. Average hourly earnings grew only 0.1 percent, bringing the 12-month increase in wages to 2.4 percent, modest though still ahead of inflation. Revisions to the job gains previously reported for June and July found 1,000 fewer positions. Over the last three months, job gains have averaged 232,000 a month, with 271,000 in June and 275,000 in July.
This report reflects only a single month of the labor market’s performance, but it offers the last major piece of economic news before the central bank’s scheduled gathering on Sept. 20 and 21.
“This morning’s report is good but probably not good enough,” to persuade the Fed to raise interest rates in September, said Carl R. Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust. “It confirms that the economy is performing well, but does not provide the threat of overheating that might have caused an interest-rate increase sooner rather than later.”
The state of the job market and the overall economy are also likely to be a flash point when Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump meet in the first presidential debate a few days later.
How to handle a recovery that has delivered what Ken Esch, a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers, an accounting and consulting network also known as PwC, described as “less than spectacular growth” has been a top issue between the candidates.
As for hiring, Mr. Esch said, “the head count increases are below what we’d like to see or expect to see coming out of a recession.”

Since the financial crisis, Fed policy makers have raised the interest rate range just once, last December, from its near-zero level. Betting that low rates encourage businesses to borrow and invest, Fed policy makers are now split between those who worry that reducing the economic stimulus by lifting rates would derail a fragile economy and those who fear that waiting could allow inflation to take hold.
The jobless rate has been halved in the last seven years and consumer spending remains strong, but wages have only recently begun a slow climb. In 2016, monthly job gains flip-flopped, plummeting to 24,000 in May and swelling to more than 10 times that number in June.
Average monthly totals so far this year have fallen below the rate in the previous two years. But economists say that it is natural for the jobs machine to slow as the unemployment rate shrinks. Other note that the number of new entrants into the labor force is also slowing.
Still, record numbers of workers remain out of the labor market altogether, widening the gap between the haves and the have-nots and depressing wage growth.
“A lot of people are still on the bench that could come into the labor market,” Mr. Esch said before the jobs report was released on Friday. “Until more people are participating, I don’t see the inflationary pressures, and our data says we don’t expect to see much over the next 12 months.”
A recent PwC survey of private companies found fewer than half of respondents planned to increase their head counts in the coming year, a decrease from the first quarter of 2016. Mr. Esch pointed out that “companies expect to increase wages less than 3 percent.”
Mandatory minimum wage increases in some areas have contributed to larger paychecks. Focusing on average growth in hourly earnings across the entire nation, however, masks wide variations.
Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor Economic Research, characterized the report on Friday as “moderate to positive.” He added, “The same industries that have been doing well for the past year continue to do well while the same industries that have been losing continue to lose.”
Mr. Chamberlain said that across the country, there was a wide diversity in wage growth over all. “Most of the best gains are in skilled jobs, like tech, health care and finance,” he said. “There are very poor wage gains in many blue-collar professions, especially manufacturing and energy.”
Companies are still swooning over high-skilled engineers and technology workers. “These are people we’d love to hire yesterday if we could,” said Sameer Dholakia, chief executive of SendGrid, an email management company based in Denver. With 300 people already on staff, Mr. Dholakia said he plans to hire roughly 200 more by the end of 2017.
Construction workers are also in demand. A report released this week by the Associated General Contractors of America showed that two-thirds of nearly 1,500 construction firms surveyed said they were having trouble filling hourly craft jobs. The shortages have pushed firms to increase base pay, improve benefits, step up in-house training or offer incentives and bonuses.
In the broader jobs market, recruiters say that companies are still hiring, though at a somewhat slower pace than last year.
“The number of jobs posted stayed flat, but there’s been a shift in mix,” said Ian Siegel, co-founder and chief executive of ZipRecruiter, which distributes job postings primarily from small and midsize businesses. “What we’re seeing is a big increase in medium-skilled jobs.”
Mr. Siegel’s observations are in line with a report released last month by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York that found that the American economy was creating more middle-income jobs, defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as those requiring four years of experience and paying $30,000 to $60,000 a year.
“The tide has begun to turn,” William C. Dudley, president of the New York Fed, said when the report was released. “For the first time in quite a while, we are seeing gains in middle-wage jobs actually outnumber gains in higher- and lower-wage jobs nationwide.”
The tightening job market may be wedging open more opportunities for younger workers. “I’m hearing without a doubt that employers are taking more risks and are forced to hire less-experienced people for jobs,” said Dan Finnigan, chief executive of Jobvite, a recruiting service used by start-ups.
In his view, older workers who were able to delay retirement when the recession hit did so, blocking more junior employees from moving up the pipeline. That clog is finally clearing, he said, with baby boomers retiring and younger workers advancing in their careers.
The growing number of retirees accounts to some degree for the drooping labor force participation rate, offsetting the number of sidelined workers who have rejoined the labor force, said Jason Furman, chairman of the president’s Council of Economic Advisers. In that sense, he said, an essentially flat participation rate over the last two years does not mean the absence of progress.
At the same time, Mr. Furman acknowledged that a large proportion of prime-age workers between 25 and 54, particularly men, remained outside the circle of work. The decline to 88 percent for this group started decades ago, but the falloff in the United States has been much sharper than in other advanced Western European economies, he said.
“That leads me to the conclusion that it is not caused by technology, but is a result of institutional and policy choices we’ve made as a country,” Mr. Furman said in an interview earlier this week. “For women, we do very little to subsidize child care or make workplaces flexible,” he said, and “when it comes to men, we spend very little money to train people for jobs or find jobs.”
Jonas Prising, chairman and chief executive of ManpowerGroup, one of the largest recruiters in the United States, agreed that low participation rates were troubling despite the improving labor market. “It may look like full employment,” he said, “but it’s not full employment.”
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/business/economy/jobs-report-hiring-unemployment-wages-fed-interest-rates.html
33

By PATRICIA COHENSEPT. 2, 2016
Capping two consecutive months of hearty jobs gains, hiring eased in August, with the government reporting on Friday that employers expanded their payrolls by 151,000 workers. The temperate performance is expected to bolster those within the Federal Reserve who favor a wait-and-see approach toward raising the benchmark interest rate when the central bank meets later this month.
The official unemployment rate, based on a separate survey of households, remained at 4.9 percent. Average hourly earnings grew only 0.1 percent, bringing the 12-month increase in wages to 2.4 percent, modest though still ahead of inflation. Revisions to the job gains previously reported for June and July found 1,000 fewer positions. Over the last three months, job gains have averaged 232,000 a month, with 271,000 in June and 275,000 in July.
This report reflects only a single month of the labor market’s performance, but it offers the last major piece of economic news before the central bank’s scheduled gathering on Sept. 20 and 21.
“This morning’s report is good but probably not good enough,” to persuade the Fed to raise interest rates in September, said Carl R. Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust. “It confirms that the economy is performing well, but does not provide the threat of overheating that might have caused an interest-rate increase sooner rather than later.”
The state of the job market and the overall economy are also likely to be a flash point when Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump meet in the first presidential debate a few days later.
How to handle a recovery that has delivered what Ken Esch, a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers, an accounting and consulting network also known as PwC, described as “less than spectacular growth” has been a top issue between the candidates.
As for hiring, Mr. Esch said, “the head count increases are below what we’d like to see or expect to see coming out of a recession.”

Since the financial crisis, Fed policy makers have raised the interest rate range just once, last December, from its near-zero level. Betting that low rates encourage businesses to borrow and invest, Fed policy makers are now split between those who worry that reducing the economic stimulus by lifting rates would derail a fragile economy and those who fear that waiting could allow inflation to take hold.
The jobless rate has been halved in the last seven years and consumer spending remains strong, but wages have only recently begun a slow climb. In 2016, monthly job gains flip-flopped, plummeting to 24,000 in May and swelling to more than 10 times that number in June.
Average monthly totals so far this year have fallen below the rate in the previous two years. But economists say that it is natural for the jobs machine to slow as the unemployment rate shrinks. Other note that the number of new entrants into the labor force is also slowing.
Still, record numbers of workers remain out of the labor market altogether, widening the gap between the haves and the have-nots and depressing wage growth.
“A lot of people are still on the bench that could come into the labor market,” Mr. Esch said before the jobs report was released on Friday. “Until more people are participating, I don’t see the inflationary pressures, and our data says we don’t expect to see much over the next 12 months.”
A recent PwC survey of private companies found fewer than half of respondents planned to increase their head counts in the coming year, a decrease from the first quarter of 2016. Mr. Esch pointed out that “companies expect to increase wages less than 3 percent.”
Mandatory minimum wage increases in some areas have contributed to larger paychecks. Focusing on average growth in hourly earnings across the entire nation, however, masks wide variations.
Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor Economic Research, characterized the report on Friday as “moderate to positive.” He added, “The same industries that have been doing well for the past year continue to do well while the same industries that have been losing continue to lose.”
Mr. Chamberlain said that across the country, there was a wide diversity in wage growth over all. “Most of the best gains are in skilled jobs, like tech, health care and finance,” he said. “There are very poor wage gains in many blue-collar professions, especially manufacturing and energy.”
Companies are still swooning over high-skilled engineers and technology workers. “These are people we’d love to hire yesterday if we could,” said Sameer Dholakia, chief executive of SendGrid, an email management company based in Denver. With 300 people already on staff, Mr. Dholakia said he plans to hire roughly 200 more by the end of 2017.
Construction workers are also in demand. A report released this week by the Associated General Contractors of America showed that two-thirds of nearly 1,500 construction firms surveyed said they were having trouble filling hourly craft jobs. The shortages have pushed firms to increase base pay, improve benefits, step up in-house training or offer incentives and bonuses.
In the broader jobs market, recruiters say that companies are still hiring, though at a somewhat slower pace than last year.
“The number of jobs posted stayed flat, but there’s been a shift in mix,” said Ian Siegel, co-founder and chief executive of ZipRecruiter, which distributes job postings primarily from small and midsize businesses. “What we’re seeing is a big increase in medium-skilled jobs.”
Mr. Siegel’s observations are in line with a report released last month by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York that found that the American economy was creating more middle-income jobs, defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as those requiring four years of experience and paying $30,000 to $60,000 a year.
“The tide has begun to turn,” William C. Dudley, president of the New York Fed, said when the report was released. “For the first time in quite a while, we are seeing gains in middle-wage jobs actually outnumber gains in higher- and lower-wage jobs nationwide.”
The tightening job market may be wedging open more opportunities for younger workers. “I’m hearing without a doubt that employers are taking more risks and are forced to hire less-experienced people for jobs,” said Dan Finnigan, chief executive of Jobvite, a recruiting service used by start-ups.
In his view, older workers who were able to delay retirement when the recession hit did so, blocking more junior employees from moving up the pipeline. That clog is finally clearing, he said, with baby boomers retiring and younger workers advancing in their careers.
The growing number of retirees accounts to some degree for the drooping labor force participation rate, offsetting the number of sidelined workers who have rejoined the labor force, said Jason Furman, chairman of the president’s Council of Economic Advisers. In that sense, he said, an essentially flat participation rate over the last two years does not mean the absence of progress.
At the same time, Mr. Furman acknowledged that a large proportion of prime-age workers between 25 and 54, particularly men, remained outside the circle of work. The decline to 88 percent for this group started decades ago, but the falloff in the United States has been much sharper than in other advanced Western European economies, he said.
“That leads me to the conclusion that it is not caused by technology, but is a result of institutional and policy choices we’ve made as a country,” Mr. Furman said in an interview earlier this week. “For women, we do very little to subsidize child care or make workplaces flexible,” he said, and “when it comes to men, we spend very little money to train people for jobs or find jobs.”
Jonas Prising, chairman and chief executive of ManpowerGroup, one of the largest recruiters in the United States, agreed that low participation rates were troubling despite the improving labor market. “It may look like full employment,” he said, “but it’s not full employment.”
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/upshot/this-status-quo-jobs-report-shows-the-economy-isnt-overheating.html
34

FOLLOW US:
GET THE UPSHOT IN YOUR INBOX
Neil Irwin @Neil_Irwin SEPT. 2, 2016
The new August jobs report is a prime example of data that affirms the status quo. And that’s not such a bad thing.
Nearly everything about the latest data from the Labor Department on Friday aligns with the basic trajectory the economy has been on for years now. We have been seeing steady improvement without signs of overheating. The new numbers fit that story precisely.
Indeed, the report is so consistent with the longstanding evidence of how the economy is doing that we probably wouldn’t care much at all about the August numbers if the Federal Reserve weren’t on the precipice of raising interest rates at its September policy meeting.
If there’s good news in the report, it’s not that the economy is doing any better than we thought, but rather that the numbers are consistent enough with expectations that bond traders can head to the Hamptons or wherever they plan to spend their Labor Day break. The Fed chairwoman, Janet Yellen, and her colleagues can safely do the same.
The jobless rate has hovered between 4.7 percent and 5.1 percent since August 2015
The status quo in this case is pretty solid. The 151,000 jobs that United States employers added in August is far below the gaudy 275,000 added in July, but the more recent number is more consistent with what you would expect in an economy already getting close to full employment. The July number is more what you expect during the recovery from a recession, not when most of the people who want a job already have one.
In terms of more data that affirms the status quo: Previous months’ data was revised down by a minuscule 1,000 jobs; the unemployment rate was unchanged at 4.9 percent. The proportion of the population that is in the labor force was unchanged, as was the proportion of the United States adult population with a job. Average hourly earnings rose by a not-very-impressive 0.1 percent.
The fine print of the new numbers tilts even more clearly away from the Fed’s pulling the trigger on an interest rate increase when its policy committee meets Sept. 20-21 than the headline numbers do.
Fed officials are on watch for evidence that the tighter labor market is feeding through into broad-based price rises, which might over time lead to inflation above the Fed’s 2 percent target. If anything, the August numbers pointed the opposite direction.
That 0.1 percent increase in average hourly earnings was not impressive. It was a three-cent increase in average hourly pay for private-sector workers, to $25.73 an hour, which represents a 2.4 percent gain over the last year. Year-over-year pay raises have been larger many times in this expansion, meaning that number doesn’t point to some acceleration in wage growth, but rather is, again, in line with the longstanding pattern.
More concerning, the average workweek actually fell in August, to 34.3 hours from 34.4. It could be an aberration and isn’t a big deal on its own. But if the job market were bursting at the seams, you would expect employers to be asking their workers to put in more hours, not fewer.
Moreover, when you combine the shorter workweek with the very small hourly wage gain, average weekly earnings actually fell in August, dropping 0.2 percent to $882.54. Again, it’s nothing to panic over — but also evidence that the economy isn’t overheating in a way that the Fed needs to worry about.
Finally, the unchanged unemployment rate points to a remarkably stable pattern. The jobless rate has hovered between 4.7 percent and 5.1 percent for more than a year now. While on the face of it, that might seem disappointing (after all, the rate has gotten down to 4 percent at times in the past), the fact that it isn’t doing so should be a good sign that the economy isn’t bursting at the seams. The number of people not in the labor force — neither working nor looking for work — actually rose slightly, up by 78,000 in August.
Add it all up, and the new jobs numbers point to an economic recovery that is stable, steady and not entering a danger zone that might prompt the Fed to worry too much about being behind the curve on interest rate hikes. Ms. Yellen, and the traders who obsess over her every move, should plan to enjoy the long weekend.
The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/nyregion/trapped-in-a-tollbooth-and-targeted-for-harassment.html
35

By SARAH MASLIN NIRSEPT. 2, 2016
In the four years that Ayanna Chisholm has worked collecting tolls out of tiny glass booths at the Holland Tunnel and elsewhere in New Jersey, there have been several constants. There are familiar commuters, malfunctioning toll arms, occasional scofflaws — and an incessant barrage of come-ons, sexual comments, lecherous stares and crude gestures from male motorists.
Some of Ms. Chisholm’s colleagues say they have been subjected to drivers exposing themselves. The fusillade is especially menacing because it is inescapable, the workers confined to small hutches on the highway.
Like other women in her profession, Ms. Chisholm, who works for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has learned to wear little makeup, crack her booth’s window open as little as possible, and drop change into waiting hands to avoid drivers who try to stroke her palm.
“They know I can’t physically go after them,” said Ms. Chisholm, 26, who is also a student at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. “This is work, and I deal with it outside of work when I’m walking in the street. To come to work and still have to deal with that, it’s troublesome.”
“I feel degraded,” she added.
Tollbooths staffed by workers have dwindled with the advent of cashless tolls. Of the collectors who remain in the New York area, many are women, including a growing number of part-time workers drawn by the occupation’s flexible schedules.
What has not changed, according to interviews with more than 20 current toll takers, conversations with former toll collectors and union representatives, and messages posted on online message boards and social media, is the hum of harassment that underpins a workday on the road.
Yet workers said they rarely reported such exchanges to their employers for a variety of reasons, including a sense of resignation and the service-minded, grin-and-bear-it culture of tollbooth work. So though transportation agencies report few examples of harassment, workers said the dearth of complaints did not reflect reality. That their attitude of acceptance persists even when episodes rise to criminal — such as drivers exposing themselves — reflects a feeling that weathering obscene behavior is part of collecting tolls.
Toll takers said they had been plied with pickup lines, phone numbers, and gifts like perfume, flowers and food while also being targets of stares and filthy gestures. The episodes involve male and female toll collectors, but predominate among women.

“It’s something you become numb to,” said Wayne Joseph, president of the Bridge and Tunnel Officers Benevolent Association, which represents many of the workers. “If the case was that everybody would make a complaint every time that somebody said something they didn’t appreciate or they found to be harassment of a sexual manner, there would be a million complaints.”
Though many tollbooth areas have cameras, workers said they tended to be trained on cash registers inside the booths or at the backs of passing vehicles to record license plates, rather than at drivers.
Women account for just under half of the approximately 2,000 toll workers employed by three agencies in the New York City region, the Port Authority, the New York State Thruway Authority and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
“You’re in a little cage and you’re exposed to whatever comes, whether it’s good, bad or nasty,” said a 56-year-old woman who works for the Thruway Authority and did not want to be identified because of agency rules that forbid speaking to the news media. She said that men had grabbed her hand, made comments about her body and, sometimes, flashed her. “You can always close the window,” she said. “But they’re still there. But you still kind of feel like somebody just kind of licked you.”
The phenomenon is not new. Cindy Olsen said that when she worked on the Berkshire Spur of the Thruway during college 20 years ago, she would overhear truck drivers talking over the radio, passing along tips about young women at particular tollbooths. “It bothered me when my lane would be backed up, and people could go to another lane,” said Ms. Olsen, now an executive at an advertising agency in New York.
Some workers have developed coping mechanisms. Ms. Chisholm, who wears a hijab, wears headphones at all times, after determining that appearing to be preoccupied reduced comments about her lips, breasts and eyes. She also wears a loosefitting uniform and does not smile or look directly at male drivers. The 56-year-old Thruway worker said she had consciously decided to gain weight after realizing that being heavier would cut down on harassment.
Though tales of harassment are abundant on transportation worker message boards, official reports of it are rare. Of the three main agencies in the New York area that employ toll takers, only the Thruway Authority had any record of a complaint regarding sexual behavior by a customer — a single report from 2013 involving a truck driver who made “sexual advances” to the same toll collector several times. (The problem ended after a supervisor was placed near the tollbooth to watch for the driver, the authority said.)
Some in the industry said that workplace attitudes encouraged just toughing it out, or not taking the behavior too seriously. Even Mr. Joseph, the union president, played down the issue. “You’re sitting in the booth, you’re sitting all day, a pretty girl is talking to you or a handsome guy is talking to you, some may welcome it,” he said, adding, “Some may deem it harassment.”
Sean McBride, a vice president with the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, an umbrella organization that represents toll workers across the country, said harassment was prevalent, but that workers often felt compelled to keep it to themselves or risk the ire of customers.
“Management tells the toll collectors: ‘They are only in your lane for a couple of seconds. Smile, give them your change and send them on their way,’” he said. “Sometimes it’s hard, because if somebody is coming on to you or making advances, you could get in trouble with your job for not being friendly.”
In emailed statements, the three main New York-area agencies that employ toll collectors said they did not tolerate the sexual harassment of their workers.
The issue crops up on roadways outside New York. In Kansas, in 2012, after a regular customer repeatedly showed explicit pictures and exposed himself to a toll worker, the local police set up a sting operation and caught him in the act, according to news reports. In Florida, a man who repeatedly passed through a female toll taker’s lane without pants on was arrested in 2008, after she called the authorities. A 2011 survey of toll workers in Korea, most of them women, found that about half had been sexually harassed; around a third of those said they had experienced a driver exposing him or herself.
Not all workers find the experience noxious. Varonica Ford, 40, a toll taker for the New Jersey Turnpike Authority who is also a hairstylist, said she considered such comments flattering. When they are unsavory, she said, she expresses her disapproval to the customer frankly, and they usually desist.
“People are going to say things about what you have on or your appearance that you might not like — that happens,” she said. “Either you’re going to up and leave, or you’re going to learn how to deal with it.”
Recently, however, she learned of a colleague who quit, unable to tolerate the way customers made her feel. “Everybody,” Ms. Ford said, “just kept looking at her.”
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/nyregion/trapped-in-a-tollbooth-and-targeted-for-harassment.html
36

By SARAH MASLIN NIRSEPT. 2, 2016
In the four years that Ayanna Chisholm has worked collecting tolls out of tiny glass booths at the Holland Tunnel and elsewhere in New Jersey, there have been several constants. There are familiar commuters, malfunctioning toll arms, occasional scofflaws — and an incessant barrage of come-ons, sexual comments, lecherous stares and crude gestures from male motorists.
Some of Ms. Chisholm’s colleagues say they have been subjected to drivers exposing themselves. The fusillade is especially menacing because it is inescapable, the workers confined to small hutches on the highway.
Like other women in her profession, Ms. Chisholm, who works for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has learned to wear little makeup, crack her booth’s window open as little as possible, and drop change into waiting hands to avoid drivers who try to stroke her palm.
“They know I can’t physically go after them,” said Ms. Chisholm, 26, who is also a student at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. “This is work, and I deal with it outside of work when I’m walking in the street. To come to work and still have to deal with that, it’s troublesome.”
“I feel degraded,” she added.
Tollbooths staffed by workers have dwindled with the advent of cashless tolls. Of the collectors who remain in the New York area, many are women, including a growing number of part-time workers drawn by the occupation’s flexible schedules.
What has not changed, according to interviews with more than 20 current toll takers, conversations with former toll collectors and union representatives, and messages posted on online message boards and social media, is the hum of harassment that underpins a workday on the road.
Yet workers said they rarely reported such exchanges to their employers for a variety of reasons, including a sense of resignation and the service-minded, grin-and-bear-it culture of tollbooth work. So though transportation agencies report few examples of harassment, workers said the dearth of complaints did not reflect reality. That their attitude of acceptance persists even when episodes rise to criminal — such as drivers exposing themselves — reflects a feeling that weathering obscene behavior is part of collecting tolls.
Toll takers said they had been plied with pickup lines, phone numbers, and gifts like perfume, flowers and food while also being targets of stares and filthy gestures. The episodes involve male and female toll collectors, but predominate among women.

“It’s something you become numb to,” said Wayne Joseph, president of the Bridge and Tunnel Officers Benevolent Association, which represents many of the workers. “If the case was that everybody would make a complaint every time that somebody said something they didn’t appreciate or they found to be harassment of a sexual manner, there would be a million complaints.”
Though many tollbooth areas have cameras, workers said they tended to be trained on cash registers inside the booths or at the backs of passing vehicles to record license plates, rather than at drivers.
Women account for just under half of the approximately 2,000 toll workers employed by three agencies in the New York City region, the Port Authority, the New York State Thruway Authority and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
“You’re in a little cage and you’re exposed to whatever comes, whether it’s good, bad or nasty,” said a 56-year-old woman who works for the Thruway Authority and did not want to be identified because of agency rules that forbid speaking to the news media. She said that men had grabbed her hand, made comments about her body and, sometimes, flashed her. “You can always close the window,” she said. “But they’re still there. But you still kind of feel like somebody just kind of licked you.”
The phenomenon is not new. Cindy Olsen said that when she worked on the Berkshire Spur of the Thruway during college 20 years ago, she would overhear truck drivers talking over the radio, passing along tips about young women at particular tollbooths. “It bothered me when my lane would be backed up, and people could go to another lane,” said Ms. Olsen, now an executive at an advertising agency in New York.
Some workers have developed coping mechanisms. Ms. Chisholm, who wears a hijab, wears headphones at all times, after determining that appearing to be preoccupied reduced comments about her lips, breasts and eyes. She also wears a loosefitting uniform and does not smile or look directly at male drivers. The 56-year-old Thruway worker said she had consciously decided to gain weight after realizing that being heavier would cut down on harassment.
Though tales of harassment are abundant on transportation worker message boards, official reports of it are rare. Of the three main agencies in the New York area that employ toll takers, only the Thruway Authority had any record of a complaint regarding sexual behavior by a customer — a single report from 2013 involving a truck driver who made “sexual advances” to the same toll collector several times. (The problem ended after a supervisor was placed near the tollbooth to watch for the driver, the authority said.)
Some in the industry said that workplace attitudes encouraged just toughing it out, or not taking the behavior too seriously. Even Mr. Joseph, the union president, played down the issue. “You’re sitting in the booth, you’re sitting all day, a pretty girl is talking to you or a handsome guy is talking to you, some may welcome it,” he said, adding, “Some may deem it harassment.”
Sean McBride, a vice president with the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, an umbrella organization that represents toll workers across the country, said harassment was prevalent, but that workers often felt compelled to keep it to themselves or risk the ire of customers.
“Management tells the toll collectors: ‘They are only in your lane for a couple of seconds. Smile, give them your change and send them on their way,’” he said. “Sometimes it’s hard, because if somebody is coming on to you or making advances, you could get in trouble with your job for not being friendly.”
In emailed statements, the three main New York-area agencies that employ toll collectors said they did not tolerate the sexual harassment of their workers.
The issue crops up on roadways outside New York. In Kansas, in 2012, after a regular customer repeatedly showed explicit pictures and exposed himself to a toll worker, the local police set up a sting operation and caught him in the act, according to news reports. In Florida, a man who repeatedly passed through a female toll taker’s lane without pants on was arrested in 2008, after she called the authorities. A 2011 survey of toll workers in Korea, most of them women, found that about half had been sexually harassed; around a third of those said they had experienced a driver exposing him or herself.
Not all workers find the experience noxious. Varonica Ford, 40, a toll taker for the New Jersey Turnpike Authority who is also a hairstylist, said she considered such comments flattering. When they are unsavory, she said, she expresses her disapproval to the customer frankly, and they usually desist.
“People are going to say things about what you have on or your appearance that you might not like — that happens,” she said. “Either you’re going to up and leave, or you’re going to learn how to deal with it.”
Recently, however, she learned of a colleague who quit, unable to tolerate the way customers made her feel. “Everybody,” Ms. Ford said, “just kept looking at her.”
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/briefing/hurricane-hermine-spacex-mother-teresa.html
37

By ADEEL HASSANSEPT. 2, 2016
(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)
Good morning.
Here’s what you need to know:
• The road to the White House.
A top aide to Hillary Clinton agreed to try to obtain a diplomatic passport for an adviser to Bill Clinton in 2009, newly released emails reveal, raising fresh questions about the Clinton Foundation’s ties to the State Department. August, meanwhile, was Mrs. Clinton’s most successful fund-raising month.
Donald J. Trump is usually a freewheeling speaker, but his advisers scripted answers to questions about race, religion and racism that were provided in advance for his coming visit to a black church. And even as he promises a wall along the Mexican border, smugglers are busy building tunnels.
• Hermine strikes Florida.
Hurricane Hermine is battering the state, dealing a blow to tourism during the holiday weekend and complicating the fight against the Zika virus.
Here’s how to turn your phone into an early warning system for extreme weather, disasters and other crises.
• Obama heads to Asia.
President Obama will be in Hangzhou, China, this weekend for his final G20 summit meeting, where he’ll reassure allies of his determination to win congressional approval of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade accord. But that approval is far from a sure thing.
• In the Middle East.
Four years after he was accused of meddling in the U.S. election, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel's prime minister, is being careful not to take sides this time.

Israel is quietly legalizing unauthorized settlements in the occupied West Bank, and a U.S. court this week reversed a ruling that had held Palestinian groups liable for supporting attacks in Israel that killed Americans.
• What divides us.
Court costs are levied on young offenders in every state, but they have an outsize effect on racial minorities and the poor, creating a two-tier justice system. People in rural areas are much more likely to go to prison than people in urban areas, a major shift from a decade ago.
We knew Americans tended to sort themselves by party or ideology. Now we have data about how much having, or not having, a college degree affects who our friends are.
• Health care roundup.
Drug makers have spent $2.3 billion lobbying Congress over the last decade, which may explain why lawmakers have done little to curb drug prices. Filings show that top executives at the pharmaceutical giant Mylan stand to reap riches, at least in part because of price increases on the EpiPen.
Data we obtained suggests that rate increases for the Affordable Care Act will be at least twice what they were last year.
• Sex assault cases.
Protesters plan to be there when Brock Turner, the former Stanford swimmer convicted of sexual assault, is released this morning after three months in jail. California lawmakers voted to close what they called a sentencing loophole by mandating harsher penalties for similar assaults.
An inquiry commissioned by St. George’s School in Rhode Island found that at least 51 students were abused by staff members in the 1970s and ’80s. Investigators called those years a “private hell” for some students.
What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox. Monday?–?Friday.
• The Labor Department reported this morning that the nation added 151,000 jobs in August, a slowdown after two months of big gains.
• A SpaceX rocket exploded at its launchpad in Cape Canaveral, Fla., destroying a $200 million communications satellite.
• Samsung said it would recall about 2.5 million new Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after reports that some had caught fire.
• At the movies.
Michael Fassbender and Alicia Vikander play an Australian couple who long for a child — and happen to find one — in the post-World War I romance “The Light Between Oceans.”
We found seven indie films that are under the radar and worth considering, and visited a theater in Texas, where popcorn fights are a longtime summer tradition.
• Popular reads.
Some of our favorite new back-to-school books tackle topics like voter fraud, A.D.H.D. and education.
The comedian Amy Schumer’s “The Girl With the Lower Back Tattoo” debuts at No. 1 on our hardcover nonfiction best-seller list, while Colson Whitehead’s “Underground Railroad” sits atop our hardcover fiction rankings.
• Scoreboard.
Andy Murray and Simona Halep were among those advancing at the U.S. Open on Thursday.
And it’s college football’s opening weekend.
• In memoriam.
Dr. Joy Browne, 71, was a syndicated radio and television therapist who dispensed advice, earnest inspiration and gentle goading for decades.
Max Ritvo, 25, was a poet who rejected the clichés of being an “inspiring victim of cancer,” his mother said.
• Good news.
Women in Afghanistan’s farm belt are being empowered by unions, which help ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply.
Travis Rudolph, a college football star, saw Bo Paske, a middle-school student who has autism, eating lunch alone and joined him. The small act of kindness went big.
• Mother Teresa’s sainthood.
Mother Teresa will be formally canonized on Sunday by Pope Francis in Rome.
Her Missionaries of Charity religious congregation has continued to grow, serving the poor around the world, including just outside the Vatican. Not everyone thinks her reputation is deserved.
• Weekend recipes.
For a delicate, salmonlike fish, try Arctic char paired with soba noodles. This summery punch works with or without alcohol.
Readers shared dishes with us that remind them where they came from.
Sometime between Labor Day and Election Day, a memorable new phrase may enter the annals of U.S. politics — perhaps a zinger like “Senator, you’re no Jack Kennedy,” or a promise like “Read my lips: No new taxes.”
On this day 115 years ago, Vice President Theodore Roosevelt gave us one of the most famous entries in our national canon.
“Speak softly and carry a big stick,” he said at the Minnesota State Fair, using a day in the heartland to help define a new role for Washington in the world.
As governor of New York, Roosevelt had used similar words in a letter to a friend, as he explained how he forced the state’s Republican leaders to abandon their support for a corrupt insurance commissioner.
Roosevelt attributed the phrase, which came to refer to U.S. dominance, to a proverb he learned while on a safari in Africa.
He also added “bully pulpit,” “muck raker” and “loose cannon” to our civic lingo. “Lunatic fringe” was his characterization of a group of avant-garde artists before it migrated to political patois.
Speaking more softly, Roosevelt gave us “Alice blue,” a tint named for his daughter Alice, and inspired “teddy bear,” after a toymaker was moved by the president’s refusal to shoot a cub on a hunting trip.
And the term “White House”? That was his, too. It was known as the Executive Mansion until he moved in.
The Morning Briefing won’t be published on Labor Day, but we will be back at 6 a.m. Eastern on Tuesday. Have a wonderful weekend.
What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.
You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/nyregion/new-york-today-labor-day-weather.html
38

New York Today
By ALEXANDRA S. LEVINE SEPT. 2, 2016
Updated, 9:30 a.m.
Good morning on this ominous Friday.
The skies in this (unofficial) last weekend of summer are looking temperamental.
Expect a dazzling day today, with a high near 81, followed by a cheerful Saturday. And keep your fingers crossed: Hurricane Hermine, which hit Florida and threatened to rain out the weekend, was downgraded to a tropical storm. Still, there’s a chance of strong winds and rain on Sunday and Monday.
The silver lining: This might be just the medicine we need. New York is thirsty. We’re in the midst of a statewide drought.
We’ve had a hotter and drier summer than normal, said Carlie Buccola, a Weather Service meteorologist.
Summer in the city averages roughly 74 degrees, Ms. Buccola told us, but this year, we clocked in near 77.
And we normally get almost 13.5 inches of rain, but this summer, we got just under 12.
While this might seem like splitting hairs, periods of unusually persistent dry weather can cause serious problems such as crop damage or water supply shortages in streams or reservoirs, she explained.
“New York City is in a moderate drought right now, and we have been for quite some time, but parts of Suffolk County are in a severe drought,” she said, putting farms in that area at risk for crop or pasture losses.
See More »

So make the best of this little wet streak — especially today — and close your computer, power down your electronics and get outside.
Here’s what else is happening:
• The first contours of a negative campaign against Mayor Bill de Blasio are emerging. [New York Times]
• Anthony D. Weiner confirmed that the Administration for Children’s Services is investigating him over the treatment of his 4-year-old son. [New York Times]
• Some guards at Rikers Island will begin carrying stun guns, Mr. de Blasio said. [New York Times]
• The man charged with killing an imam and his assistant in Queens last month pleaded not guilty. [New York Times]
• After Donald J. Trump’s speech on immigration, Mr. de Blasio defended sanctuary cities. [WNYC]
• The mayor also called on the State Legislature to eliminate the law that prohibits disclosing disciplinary action against police officers. [DNAInfo]
• A fifth suspect in the shooting of Carey Gabay, a former aide to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, was arrested in California. [PIX 11]
• When a Manhattan mother went to pick up her 5-year-old son at the airport, another boy was there with his passport. [NY1]
• A report from the attorney general claims that instances of bullying in the city are underreported after 70 percent of city schools cited no instances of bullying in the 2013-14 school year. [Village Voice]
• If you’re still paying tax on tampon purchases, you’re doing it wrong. [DNAInfo]
• TriBeCa and SoHo have the most empty storefronts in Manhattan, according to a new vacancy map. [DNAInfo]
• Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “Mugged With a Blow Dryer”
• Scoreboard: New York City F.C. dismantle DC United, 3-2. Marlins skewer Mets, 6-4.
• For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Friday Briefing.
• “Wonders of the Arctic,” an exhibit that tells the story of our world’s frozen wilderness, opens at the American Museum of Natural History on the Upper West Side. 10 a.m. [$22 suggested admission]
• The Brooklyn Bluegrass Collective performs acoustic roots music at the Bartow-Pell Mansion Museum in the Bronx. 5:30 p.m. [$12, tickets here]
• Brass Fest, part of the weekend’s West Indian American Day Carnival, brings music to the Brooklyn Museum. 7 p.m. [$55, tickets here]
• Skate through a ‘90s pop roller-disco party at the LeFrak Center at Lakeside in Prospect Park, Brooklyn. 7:30 p.m. [$18, tickets here]
• Friday night fireworks at the Coney Island beach and boardwalk in Brooklyn. 9:30 p.m. [Free]
• Yankees at Orioles, 7:05 p.m. (YES). Mets host Nationals, 7:10 p.m. (SNY).
Saturday
• Take a dip in an outdoor city pool fit for an Olympian. Pool hours and locations vary. [Free]
• Bring the kids to the Junior Carnival Parade, also part of the West Indian American Day festivities, at the Brooklyn Museum. 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. [$2]
• Join the New York Road Runners for an open run through Astoria Park in Queens. 9 a.m. [Free]
• The exhibit “Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology,” is in its final weekend at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in Manhattan. 10 a.m. until midnight. [$25 suggested admission]
• Mario Batali’s Kitchen Gardens, where children can search for ingredients that his chefs use, at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. 1:30 p.m. [Prices vary]
• New York Red Bulls at Vancouver Whitecaps F.C., 7 p.m. (MSG). Western New York Flash at Washington Spirit, 7 p.m. Yankees at Orioles, 7:05 p.m. (YES). Mets host Nationals, 7:10 p.m. (SNY).
• Watch “The New York Times Close Up,” featuring the Times columnist Frank Bruni and other guests. Saturday at 10 p.m. and Sunday at 10 a.m. on NY1.
Sunday
• Brazilian Day 2016 lights up Little Brazil with music, food, a parade and more in Midtown Manhattan. 10 a.m. [Free admission]
• What do we know about H2O? Find out at a mad science lecture at the Family Performance Festival on Great Hill in Central Park. Noon. [Free]
• The West Side County Fair — with carnival rides, cotton candy and more — at Pier 1 in Riverside Park South in Manhattan. 1 to 6 p.m. [Free admission]
• The British are coming... to New York. Hear British invasion rock groups, and traditional music from the Isles, at the Alice Austen House on Staten Island. 4 p.m. [Free]
• Continue the West Indian American Day celebration at Dimanche Gras at the Brooklyn Museum. 7 p.m. [$30, tickets here]
• Yankees at Orioles, 1:35 p.m. (YES). Mets host Nationals, 8:08 p.m. (ESPN).
• For more events, see The New York Times’s Arts & Entertainment guide.
Labor Day
• Catch the New York Caribbean Carnival Parade along the Eastern Parkway in Brooklyn. 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. [Free]
• Dodge the wishy-washy weather with indoor theatrical mini-golf at Shipwrecked in Red Hook, Brooklyn. Noon. [$14]
• The Great Elsie Fest brings hit music from onstage and onscreen to Ford Amphitheater on the Coney Island Boardwalk. 1 p.m. [Prices vary]
• The Metropolitan Opera presents an outdoor screening of the Bizet opera, “Les Pêcheurs de Perles,” on Lincoln Center Plaza in Manhattan. 8 p.m. [Free]
• Looking ahead: Summer’s not over; you can see the Beach Boys perform at Rumsey Playfield in Central Park on Sept. 14. That’s where we wanna go. [Tickets here]
• Yankees host Blue Jays, 1:05 p.m. (YES). Mets at Reds, 1:10 p.m. (SNY).
• Subway and PATH
• Railroads: L.I.R.R., Metro-North, N.J. Transit, Amtrak
• Roads: Check traffic map or radio report on the 1s or the 8s.
• Alternate-side parking: in effect until Labor Day.
• Ferries: Staten Island Ferry, New York Waterway, East River Ferry
• Airports: La Guardia, J.F.K., Newark
• Weekend travel hassles: Check subway disruptions and a list of street closings.
This Labor Day might not offer the best weather in the world, but be thankful it’s not 1998.
On Labor Day weekend that year, New York was hit with a weather phenomenon known as a derecho, “a line of intense and widespread, fast-moving windstorms,” said Jay Engle, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service.
“They move across a great distance, and their most noteworthy feature is damaging winds.”
Very damaging, in the case of 1998.
The storm generated at least two tornadoes in the area, according to the National Weather Service.
Writing for The Times, Frank Bruni described how it wreaked havoc, “battering houses, toppling power lines, capsizing boats and causing at least three deaths.”
So 18 years later, thank the weather gods for bestowing upon us a derecho-free weekend — with toasty temperatures and at least one day of beautiful weather.
New York Today won’t be published on Monday, in observance of Labor Day. We’ll be back on Tuesday.
New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a.m. till late morning. You can receive it via email.
For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook.
What would you like to see here to start your day? Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes.com, or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday.
Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe, on Twitter.
You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday.com.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/us/politics/e-cigarettes-vaping-cigars-fda-altria.html
39

By ERIC LIPTONSEPT. 2, 2016
WASHINGTON — The e-cigarette and cigar industries have enlisted high-profile lobbyists and influential congressional allies in an attempt to stop the Food and Drug Administration from retroactively examining their products for public health risks or banning them from the market.
The campaign targets a broad new rule that extends F.D.A. jurisdiction to include cigars, e-cigarettes and pipe and hookah tobacco.
The bipartisan effort has featured a former senator who did not register as a lobbyist before going to work for the cigar companies and a former Obama administration official, now a private consultant, who is trying to undo his earlier work reviewing the rule. In addition, one member of Congress introduced industry-written legislation without changing a word of it.
The battle shows how, nearly two decades after the $200 billion settlement between tobacco companies and state attorneys general to compensate the public for health consequences of smoking, the industry still wields extraordinary clout in Washington.
With its army of more than 75 lobbyists, tobacco-aligned companies have argued that the F.D.A.’s so-called Deeming Rule could hurt public health by forcing a large share of e-cigarette companies out of business.
“The F.D.A. has blatantly ignored evidence that our products improve people’s lives,” said Christian Berkey, chief executive of Johnson Creek Enterprises, one of the first companies to sell the e-liquid ingredient used in e-cigarettes and vaping products.
F.D.A. officials acknowledge that e-cigarettes, made out of tobacco-derived nicotine, are potentially less harmful than cigarettes. But they insist they must examine whether the electronic cigarettes or the liquid nicotine juices might contain toxic chemicals like diethylene glycol, an ingredient also used in antifreeze, or candy-like flavors contributing to the surge in the numbers of teenagers using e-cigarettes. They also want to examine the safety of the e-cig devices themselves after reports of battery-related burns.
“In the absence of science-based regulation of all tobacco products, the marketplace has been the wild wild West,” said Mitch Zeller, the director of the F.D.A.’s Center for Tobacco Products, which is in charge of enforcing the new rule. “Companies were free to introduce any product they wanted, make any claim they wanted, and that is how we wound up with a 900 percent increase in high schoolers using e-cigarettes and as well as all these reports of exploding e-cigarette batteries and products that have caused burns and fires and disfigurement.”
The lobbying effort has been led by the Altria Group, the nation’s largest tobacco company, which has a growing e-cigarette unit. Documents obtained by The New York Times show that Altria last year distributed draft legislation on Capitol Hill that would eliminate the new requirement that most e-cigarettes already on sale in the United States be evaluated retroactively to determine if they are “appropriate for the protection of public health.”
The proposal was endorsed by the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, which has its own e-cigarette unit, as well as the National Tobacco Company, a major seller of loose tobacco, and trade associations representing the cigar industry and convenience stories, the documents show.
A quick breakdown of the players and products involved in Big Tobacco's latest fight.
Altria delivered its proposal, entitled “F.D.A. Deeming Clarification Act of 2015,” to Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma in April 2015, the documents show, even before the F.D.A. rule became final.
Just two weeks later, Mr. Cole introduced the bill — with the title and 245-word text pulled verbatim from the industry’s draft.
“Yes, we have shared our views with many policy makers, including Congressman Cole’s office,” David Sutton, a spokesman for Altria, said in a written statement, after being presented with a copy of its “legislative language” draft and Mr. Cole’s resulting bill, which has 71 co-sponsors and is still pending in the House.
Separately, former Senator Mary Landrieu, Democrat of Louisiana, spent part of her first year after losing re-election pressing officials from the White House, State Department and F.D.A. on behalf of the cigar industry — even though records show she had not registered as a lobbyist as required by federal law, which Ms. Landrieu said was an oversight.
“This is my fault,” she said. “I’m calling my lawyer now to get it corrected.”
The electronic vapor industry — representing smaller companies that sell e-cigarettes that can be refilled with vapor juice — also have a lobbying contingent, buttressed by a highly motivated community of consumers and vape shops.
Mr. Cole, and Representative Sanford D. Bishop Jr., Democrat of Georgia, who co-sponsored one of the tobacco-related measures originally drafted by Altria, said that the rule would bankrupt small businesses and curb the availability of e-cigarette options, which some use as a way to quit smoking.
“I don’t like regulating in the rearview mirror,” Mr. Cole said in an interview.
Mr. Bishop and Mr. Cole are also two of the top House recipients of tobacco industry campaign donations, with Mr. Bishop receiving $13,000 from Altria this election cycle and a total of at least $60,000 from the industry since 2004.
Representative Nita M. Lowey of New York, the ranking Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee, said the more than 70 lawmakers who have signed on as co-sponsors to Mr. Cole’s bill have become tools in an Altria lobbying campaign.

“For Congress to consider going backward in how we regulate the public health hazard is simply mind-boggling,” she said. “It wasn’t that long ago that tobacco companies were telling the public that cigarettes were not addictive and denying clear evidence that they caused cancer.”
Matthew L. Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids, who helped negotiate the 1998 tobacco settlement, said: “It is worse than spoiled kids who don’t get their way. It is bullies that don’t get their way and who are holding public health hostage.”
Industry executives and their allies on Capitol Hill dismiss such criticism, noting that they support provisions intended to prevent youths from buying and using e-cigarettes or cigars.
“The argument that it would make it more accessible to children is fallacious,” Mr. Bishop said.
The cigar industry lobbying pitch has gained the most traction in Congress.
Arguing that premium cigars are more of a recreational product with fewer health risks than cigarettes, the industry has been separately pushing members of Congress to enact legislation that would broadly exempt “premium cigars” from the new F.D.A. oversight. A bill to do so — also written in part by industry lobbyists — was introduced by Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida. It has 20 co-sponsors, while an identical bill in the House has another 165 co-sponsors.
The industry lobbyists, in addition to Ms. Landrieu, include Paul DiNino, a former finance director of the Democratic National Committee and onetime senior aide to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader. Mr. DiNino is assigned to enlist prominent Senate Democrats. Mr. Reid, records show, contacted the White House on the industry’s behalf, with his spokeswoman explaining that cigar-oriented events are important to Las Vegas.
To target the House, the cigar industry hired former Representative James T. Walsh, Republican of New York, a former House Appropriations Committee member, who has implored lawmakers and their staffs to back the exemption for cigars.
The e-cigarette and cigar industries, backed up by dozens of lobbyists, are engaged in an intense fight on Capitol Hill to roll back a new rule that for the first time subjects them to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration. Here is a inside look at this fight, with lobbying documents that rarely become public.
Mr. Walsh and his lobbying partners from the firm K & L Gates drafted language that was inserted into a House Appropriations bill approved by the full committee in April that defines an exemption for a premium cigar and that would prohibit the F.D.A. from spending money in the 2017 fiscal year on enforcement provisions.
“My fingers are crossed,” Mr. Walsh said, about the prospects for getting the exemption.
Another critical assist came from Andrew Perraut, who until 2014 served as a desk officer at the Office of Management and Budget division that reviews major federal regulations, including the F.D.A.’s tobacco rule. White House records show that he helped represent the Obama administration at more than a dozen meetings with outside parties, mostly pressing the government to ease the rule, before he was hired by a cigar-industry trade organization and by NJoy, a manufacturer of e-cigarettes.
Within less than a year, records show, Mr. Perraut was back at the Office of Management and Budget on the other side of the table.
Because Mr. Perraut was not a senior official and the regulation affects numerous industry players, federal revolving door rules did not apply, an agency spokeswoman said. Mr. Perraut said he was simply trying to help stop a “train wreck” that will be caused by the F.D.A. overreach.
Richard W. Painter, who served as the White House chief ethics lawyer during the George W. Bush administration, said Mr. Perraut’s quick turnabout violated the spirit of President Obama’s ethics pledge, intended to prevent former aides from lobbying the executive branch.
“Even if it is not prohibited, it is just not appropriate,” he said.
Interest groups attempting to shape the debate also have financial patrons with a clear stake in the outcome.
Americans for Tax Reform, a conservative group, and National Center for Public Policy Research, a pro-free market think tank, have come out against the F.D.A. rules, even as they receive funding from the e-cigarette and tobacco industry, including Altria and R.J. Reynolds, records show.
Jeff Stier, a scholar at the National Center for Public Policy Research, and Grover Norquist, from Americans for Tax Reform, both said they opposed the F.D.A. rule as bad policy.
The American Lung Association, which has spoken out in defense of the rule, accepts contributions from pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline, which sell smoking-cessation products that could lose sales if e-cigarettes continue to gain market share, Mr. Stier added.
Erika Sward, an association lobbyist, while acknowledging the money her nonprofit group has received from companies that sell smoking-cessation treatments, said the criticism of her group is a diversionary tactic.
“For so many years the focus in fighting tobacco wars has been on the cigarette industry,” she said. “With historic declines in cigarettes use, which is wonderful, what we are seeing is surge in use in other tobacco products. And their push on Capitol Hill reflects this new clout.”
Follow Eric Lipton on Twitter @EricLiptonNYT.
Follow The New York Times’s politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/us/politics/e-cigarettes-vaping-cigars-fda-altria.html
40

By ERIC LIPTONSEPT. 2, 2016
WASHINGTON — The e-cigarette and cigar industries have enlisted high-profile lobbyists and influential congressional allies in an attempt to stop the Food and Drug Administration from retroactively examining their products for public health risks or banning them from the market.
The campaign targets a broad new rule that extends F.D.A. jurisdiction to include cigars, e-cigarettes and pipe and hookah tobacco.
The bipartisan effort has featured a former senator who did not register as a lobbyist before going to work for the cigar companies and a former Obama administration official, now a private consultant, who is trying to undo his earlier work reviewing the rule. In addition, one member of Congress introduced industry-written legislation without changing a word of it.
The battle shows how, nearly two decades after the $200 billion settlement between tobacco companies and state attorneys general to compensate the public for health consequences of smoking, the industry still wields extraordinary clout in Washington.
With its army of more than 75 lobbyists, tobacco-aligned companies have argued that the F.D.A.’s so-called Deeming Rule could hurt public health by forcing a large share of e-cigarette companies out of business.
“The F.D.A. has blatantly ignored evidence that our products improve people’s lives,” said Christian Berkey, chief executive of Johnson Creek Enterprises, one of the first companies to sell the e-liquid ingredient used in e-cigarettes and vaping products.
F.D.A. officials acknowledge that e-cigarettes, made out of tobacco-derived nicotine, are potentially less harmful than cigarettes. But they insist they must examine whether the electronic cigarettes or the liquid nicotine juices might contain toxic chemicals like diethylene glycol, an ingredient also used in antifreeze, or candy-like flavors contributing to the surge in the numbers of teenagers using e-cigarettes. They also want to examine the safety of the e-cig devices themselves after reports of battery-related burns.
“In the absence of science-based regulation of all tobacco products, the marketplace has been the wild wild West,” said Mitch Zeller, the director of the F.D.A.’s Center for Tobacco Products, which is in charge of enforcing the new rule. “Companies were free to introduce any product they wanted, make any claim they wanted, and that is how we wound up with a 900 percent increase in high schoolers using e-cigarettes and as well as all these reports of exploding e-cigarette batteries and products that have caused burns and fires and disfigurement.”
The lobbying effort has been led by the Altria Group, the nation’s largest tobacco company, which has a growing e-cigarette unit. Documents obtained by The New York Times show that Altria last year distributed draft legislation on Capitol Hill that would eliminate the new requirement that most e-cigarettes already on sale in the United States be evaluated retroactively to determine if they are “appropriate for the protection of public health.”
The proposal was endorsed by the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, which has its own e-cigarette unit, as well as the National Tobacco Company, a major seller of loose tobacco, and trade associations representing the cigar industry and convenience stories, the documents show.
A quick breakdown of the players and products involved in Big Tobacco's latest fight.
Altria delivered its proposal, entitled “F.D.A. Deeming Clarification Act of 2015,” to Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma in April 2015, the documents show, even before the F.D.A. rule became final.
Just two weeks later, Mr. Cole introduced the bill — with the title and 245-word text pulled verbatim from the industry’s draft.
“Yes, we have shared our views with many policy makers, including Congressman Cole’s office,” David Sutton, a spokesman for Altria, said in a written statement, after being presented with a copy of its “legislative language” draft and Mr. Cole’s resulting bill, which has 71 co-sponsors and is still pending in the House.
Separately, former Senator Mary Landrieu, Democrat of Louisiana, spent part of her first year after losing re-election pressing officials from the White House, State Department and F.D.A. on behalf of the cigar industry — even though records show she had not registered as a lobbyist as required by federal law, which Ms. Landrieu said was an oversight.
“This is my fault,” she said. “I’m calling my lawyer now to get it corrected.”
The electronic vapor industry — representing smaller companies that sell e-cigarettes that can be refilled with vapor juice — also have a lobbying contingent, buttressed by a highly motivated community of consumers and vape shops.
Mr. Cole, and Representative Sanford D. Bishop Jr., Democrat of Georgia, who co-sponsored one of the tobacco-related measures originally drafted by Altria, said that the rule would bankrupt small businesses and curb the availability of e-cigarette options, which some use as a way to quit smoking.
“I don’t like regulating in the rearview mirror,” Mr. Cole said in an interview.
Mr. Bishop and Mr. Cole are also two of the top House recipients of tobacco industry campaign donations, with Mr. Bishop receiving $13,000 from Altria this election cycle and a total of at least $60,000 from the industry since 2004.
Representative Nita M. Lowey of New York, the ranking Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee, said the more than 70 lawmakers who have signed on as co-sponsors to Mr. Cole’s bill have become tools in an Altria lobbying campaign.

“For Congress to consider going backward in how we regulate the public health hazard is simply mind-boggling,” she said. “It wasn’t that long ago that tobacco companies were telling the public that cigarettes were not addictive and denying clear evidence that they caused cancer.”
Matthew L. Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids, who helped negotiate the 1998 tobacco settlement, said: “It is worse than spoiled kids who don’t get their way. It is bullies that don’t get their way and who are holding public health hostage.”
Industry executives and their allies on Capitol Hill dismiss such criticism, noting that they support provisions intended to prevent youths from buying and using e-cigarettes or cigars.
“The argument that it would make it more accessible to children is fallacious,” Mr. Bishop said.
The cigar industry lobbying pitch has gained the most traction in Congress.
Arguing that premium cigars are more of a recreational product with fewer health risks than cigarettes, the industry has been separately pushing members of Congress to enact legislation that would broadly exempt “premium cigars” from the new F.D.A. oversight. A bill to do so — also written in part by industry lobbyists — was introduced by Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida. It has 20 co-sponsors, while an identical bill in the House has another 165 co-sponsors.
The industry lobbyists, in addition to Ms. Landrieu, include Paul DiNino, a former finance director of the Democratic National Committee and onetime senior aide to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader. Mr. DiNino is assigned to enlist prominent Senate Democrats. Mr. Reid, records show, contacted the White House on the industry’s behalf, with his spokeswoman explaining that cigar-oriented events are important to Las Vegas.
To target the House, the cigar industry hired former Representative James T. Walsh, Republican of New York, a former House Appropriations Committee member, who has implored lawmakers and their staffs to back the exemption for cigars.
The e-cigarette and cigar industries, backed up by dozens of lobbyists, are engaged in an intense fight on Capitol Hill to roll back a new rule that for the first time subjects them to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration. Here is a inside look at this fight, with lobbying documents that rarely become public.
Mr. Walsh and his lobbying partners from the firm K & L Gates drafted language that was inserted into a House Appropriations bill approved by the full committee in April that defines an exemption for a premium cigar and that would prohibit the F.D.A. from spending money in the 2017 fiscal year on enforcement provisions.
“My fingers are crossed,” Mr. Walsh said, about the prospects for getting the exemption.
Another critical assist came from Andrew Perraut, who until 2014 served as a desk officer at the Office of Management and Budget division that reviews major federal regulations, including the F.D.A.’s tobacco rule. White House records show that he helped represent the Obama administration at more than a dozen meetings with outside parties, mostly pressing the government to ease the rule, before he was hired by a cigar-industry trade organization and by NJoy, a manufacturer of e-cigarettes.
Within less than a year, records show, Mr. Perraut was back at the Office of Management and Budget on the other side of the table.
Because Mr. Perraut was not a senior official and the regulation affects numerous industry players, federal revolving door rules did not apply, an agency spokeswoman said. Mr. Perraut said he was simply trying to help stop a “train wreck” that will be caused by the F.D.A. overreach.
Richard W. Painter, who served as the White House chief ethics lawyer during the George W. Bush administration, said Mr. Perraut’s quick turnabout violated the spirit of President Obama’s ethics pledge, intended to prevent former aides from lobbying the executive branch.
“Even if it is not prohibited, it is just not appropriate,” he said.
Interest groups attempting to shape the debate also have financial patrons with a clear stake in the outcome.
Americans for Tax Reform, a conservative group, and National Center for Public Policy Research, a pro-free market think tank, have come out against the F.D.A. rules, even as they receive funding from the e-cigarette and tobacco industry, including Altria and R.J. Reynolds, records show.
Jeff Stier, a scholar at the National Center for Public Policy Research, and Grover Norquist, from Americans for Tax Reform, both said they opposed the F.D.A. rule as bad policy.
The American Lung Association, which has spoken out in defense of the rule, accepts contributions from pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline, which sell smoking-cessation products that could lose sales if e-cigarettes continue to gain market share, Mr. Stier added.
Erika Sward, an association lobbyist, while acknowledging the money her nonprofit group has received from companies that sell smoking-cessation treatments, said the criticism of her group is a diversionary tactic.
“For so many years the focus in fighting tobacco wars has been on the cigarette industry,” she said. “With historic declines in cigarettes use, which is wonderful, what we are seeing is surge in use in other tobacco products. And their push on Capitol Hill reflects this new clout.”
Follow Eric Lipton on Twitter @EricLiptonNYT.
Follow The New York Times’s politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/world/europe/burkini-ban-muslim-women.html
41

By LILLIE DREMEAUXSEPT. 2, 2016
The storm over bans on burkinis in more than 30 French beach towns has all but drowned out the voices of Muslim women, for whom the full-body swimsuits were designed. The New York Times solicited their perspective, and the responses — more than 1,000 comments from France, Belgium and beyond — went much deeper than the question of swimwear.
What emerged was a portrait of life as a Muslim woman, veiled or not, in parts of Europe where terrorism has put people on edge. One French term was used dozens of times: “un combat,” or “a struggle,” to live day to day. Many who were born and raised in France described confusion at being told to go home.
Courts have struck down some of the bans on burkinis — the one in Nice, the site of a horrific terror attack on Bastille Day, was overturned on Thursday — but the debate is far from over.
“For years, we have had to put up with dirty looks and threatening remarks,” wrote Taslima Amar, 30, a teacher in Pantin, a suburb of Paris. “I’ve been asked to go back home (even though I am home).” Now, Ms. Amar said, she and her husband were looking to leave France.
Laurie Abouzeir, 32, said she was considering starting a business caring for children in her home in Toulouse, southern France, because that would allow her to wear a head scarf, frowned upon and even banned in some workplaces.
Many women wrote that anti-Muslim bias had intensified after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo in Paris in January 2015, and in Brussels, Paris and Nice more recently. Halima Djalab Bouguerra, a 21-year-old student in Bourg-en-Bresse, France, dated the change further back, to the killings by Mohammed Merah in the southwest of the country in 2012.
“The way people look at us has changed,” Ms. Bouguerra wrote. “Tongues have loosened. No one is afraid of telling a Muslim to ‘go back home’ anymore.”
Here are some excerpts from the comments we received. They have been condensed and edited for clarity, and translated for those who wrote in French.
“When the burkini came out, I was happy for my sister, who was on vacation and could finally play with her children on the beach instead of sitting in the shadow. At the beginning of all the drama, I thought, ‘Never mind it, Dina, it’s just a couple of small-minded people who don’t have anything else to do than hate on everything.’ But this? Really? This is everything I thought Europe was against. … How is it possible that in a ‘modern’ world, tanning naked is accepted but keeping your clothes on at the beach is not?”
— Dina Srouji, 23, Lebbeke, Belgium. Student and student reporter at the University of Gent. Instagram: @dindinsr
“This reminds me of my first days in high school after French law banned the hijab in schools. My teacher forced me to take off my head scarf in front of all the other pupils. I was humiliated. ... Today, I felt my heart broken again. I just looked at this woman taking off her clothes and asked myself, when will it end?”
— Hajer Zennou, 27, Lyon, France. Designer. She was referring to a woman who was surrounded by police officers on a beach in Nice.
“I am insulted, spat on (literally) every day in the subway, on the bus, at school. Yet I have never insulted or hit someone. No, I am just Muslim. I am seriously thinking of going to live elsewhere, where other people’s looks won’t make me cry every night in my bed.
“I am afraid of having to wear a yellow crescent on my clothes one day, like the Star of David for Jews not so long ago.”
— Charlotte Monnier, 23, Toulouse, France. Architecture student.
“I was curious to see if, in the cities where they forbade women in burkinis, dogs could swim. The answer was yes for some of them. Personally, I am scandalized that dogs can have more rights than a scarfed woman.”
— Samia Fekih, 36, Paris. Digital project manager.
“I am a social worker and I do my best to strive for a fair and free society. To me, wearing the veil does not mean being enslaved by a man. On the contrary, it means reappropriating the body and femininity.”
— Nawal Afkir, 25, Brussels
“Every time I visit Morocco, I feel and see more freedom than here in the West.”
— Souad el Bouchihati, 26, Gouda, the Netherlands. Social worker.
“I don’t mind removing my veil to work. What bothers me is hiding it from my colleagues. ... Of course, I did not hide for very long. I ran into my colleague as I was shopping with a friend, and I was wearing my veil. We said hello, and I whispered to her I would explain. I felt so bad about lying to her all this time. It was hell! So I sent her a text message to tell her the truth. She told me that she understood, and that she wouldn’t repeat it.”
— Hadjira Skoundri, 22, Toulouse, France. Administrative agent in the local government.
“Even if we make every effort and try to be ‘integrated,’ we are constantly reminded that to be properly and completely integrated, we must give up our principles and our religion. In our homes, at work, or among our friends, there is a kind of pressure. We don’t dare accept invitations from friends because we’re sick of having to say no to alcohol and to politely justify ourselves, walking on eggshells while making sure we don’t say anything that could be taken the wrong way. At work, there have been little jokes along the lines of ‘Did you help your cousins?’ after the terrorist attacks. And our families who curse the terrorists at mealtime are then insulted by these new laws.
“So then what? We isolate ourselves. And once you start isolating yourself, you’re no longer integrating.”
— Mira Hassine, 27, Orléans, France. Administrator at a construction company and a practicing Muslim who does not wear a veil.
“To be a Muslim woman in France is to live in an apartheid system of which the beach bans are just the latest incarnation. ... I think that French Muslim women would be justified to request asylum in the United States, for instance, given how many persecutions we are subjected to.”
— Karima Mondon, 37. French teacher who recently moved to Casablanca, Morocco, from Lyon, France.
“I am a Muslim French woman. I live in London. As a Frenchwoman, I would never have achieved what I have in London while wearing the veil. I am a politician in local government, deputy leader of my borough, and I wear the scarf. If I were in France, forget about it.”
— Saima Ashraf, 39, London. Twitter: @saimaashraf25
“I am a nurse and I wear the veil. At work, it is impossible for me to wear my veil. I remove it upon arrival. Nothing on the head, no long sleeves, nothing that might cover me up to adhere to my way of living. … We are denied the possibility of going to the pool and now to the beach. What is the next step? Are we going to wear crescents to be recognized?”
— Linda Alem, 27, Paris. Nurse at a dialysis center.
“I feel unwell to the point of becoming paranoid! As a student, I had a classmate call me a Salafist and make a death threat against me. Why? Because he saw me wearing a veil in the street. When I went to see the school’s assistant principal, the only solution she found was to expel both of us if we did not lessen the tensions that he had caused. A real nightmare, where all roads lead to injustice. ... I have tears in my eyes as I write these words, and while I don’t want to present us as victims, their relentlessness is such that I am going to leave this country sooner or later. They will surely have obtained what they wanted, but I don’t have the strength of Rosa Parks. One less engineer in France — that’s their punishment.”
— Nora Mahboub, 21, Paris. Engineering student.
“Even though I have a master’s degree, I couldn’t find a job related to my studies. … I see no hope for our future, and like many others, I intend to go abroad. My heart is 100 percent French, but it feels like I have to prove my ‘Frenchness,’ and with everything happening currently, I’m tired of justifying my identity.”
— Siam Ferhat-Basset, 29, Drancy, France. Former receptionist.
“During my studies, I was someone who worked hard. I loved to learn. But as I continued my schooling, I lost all motivation. I knew that as a veiled Muslim woman, I had no future in the professional world. We are being asked to integrate, but unfortunately, they don’t integrate us.”
— Saadia Akessour, 31, Liège, Belgium. Stay-at-home mother who had to remove her veil during a midwifery internship and has since abandoned her studies.
“This summer, I went swimming near Hendaye, in southwestern France. I was a bit of a local curiosity, but I found that people were kind. It seems that the news media and politicians are not in sync with what the people think.”
— Fadoua Hachimi, 41, Les Lilas, France. Purchasing assistant.
“I feel like an outlaw, a kind of criminal who is demanding something illegal, even though I am demanding nothing but the right to be free.”
— Nadia Lamarti, 35, Zellik, Belgium. Mother of four daughters who has trained as a social worker.
“I find it crazy that the French appear to be discovering Islam and are still talking to us about integration, even though we are now in the third or even fourth generation of Muslims of North African descent living in France.”
— Assia Boukhelifa, 22, Lille. Political science student.
“I am a woman who wears this full-coverage swimsuit. (“Burkini” is a term that is too loaded.) I used to settle for watching others enjoy the pleasures of swimming — at most I would go into the water in my street clothes, which is absolutely impractical. This piece of clothing has broken my chains.”
— Ennaji Loubna, 30, Perpignan, France. Studying for a master’s in sociology.
“Thank you ever so much for viewing us as human beings and for taking into account our opinions. In Belgium, as in France for that matter, we never get the chance to speak, even though we Muslims (veiled or not) are the main people concerned by these recurrent controversies on Islam and women. We are seen as brainless bigots who are submissive to our husbands or fathers. I myself am a Muslim, a teacher, tolerant, feminist AND veiled.”
— Khadija Manouach, 29, Brussels. Teacher in an elementary school.
“As a Muslim young woman, I do not feel safe anymore. … I am preparing to go to the U.K., where I can work and live normally — which makes me sad, because I do love my country.”
— Sarah Nahal, Grenoble, France. Student in economics and management.
“My father has lived in France since age 8, and he has been working since age 14, but despite everything, this isn’t enough for France to view us as ordinary fellow citizens, since my veil bothers them. … What can we do? Take courage into our own hands and fight with the weapons that we have at our disposal: knowledge, diplomas and willpower!”

— Nadia Benabdelkader, 25, Roubaix, France. Student.
An earlier version of this article erroneously included Paris in a list of cities attacked by terrorists this year. The attacks were in 2015, not 2016.
Get news and analysis from Europe and around the world delivered to your inbox every day with the Today’s Headlines: European Morning newsletter. Sign up here.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/world/europe/burkini-ban-muslim-women.html
42

By LILLIE DREMEAUXSEPT. 2, 2016
The storm over bans on burkinis in more than 30 French beach towns has all but drowned out the voices of Muslim women, for whom the full-body swimsuits were designed. The New York Times solicited their perspective, and the responses — more than 1,000 comments from France, Belgium and beyond — went much deeper than the question of swimwear.
What emerged was a portrait of life as a Muslim woman, veiled or not, in parts of Europe where terrorism has put people on edge. One French term was used dozens of times: “un combat,” or “a struggle,” to live day to day. Many who were born and raised in France described confusion at being told to go home.
Courts have struck down some of the bans on burkinis — the one in Nice, the site of a horrific terror attack on Bastille Day, was overturned on Thursday — but the debate is far from over.
“For years, we have had to put up with dirty looks and threatening remarks,” wrote Taslima Amar, 30, a teacher in Pantin, a suburb of Paris. “I’ve been asked to go back home (even though I am home).” Now, Ms. Amar said, she and her husband were looking to leave France.
Laurie Abouzeir, 32, said she was considering starting a business caring for children in her home in Toulouse, southern France, because that would allow her to wear a head scarf, frowned upon and even banned in some workplaces.
Many women wrote that anti-Muslim bias had intensified after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo in Paris in January 2015, and in Brussels, Paris and Nice more recently. Halima Djalab Bouguerra, a 21-year-old student in Bourg-en-Bresse, France, dated the change further back, to the killings by Mohammed Merah in the southwest of the country in 2012.
“The way people look at us has changed,” Ms. Bouguerra wrote. “Tongues have loosened. No one is afraid of telling a Muslim to ‘go back home’ anymore.”
Here are some excerpts from the comments we received. They have been condensed and edited for clarity, and translated for those who wrote in French.
“When the burkini came out, I was happy for my sister, who was on vacation and could finally play with her children on the beach instead of sitting in the shadow. At the beginning of all the drama, I thought, ‘Never mind it, Dina, it’s just a couple of small-minded people who don’t have anything else to do than hate on everything.’ But this? Really? This is everything I thought Europe was against. … How is it possible that in a ‘modern’ world, tanning naked is accepted but keeping your clothes on at the beach is not?”
— Dina Srouji, 23, Lebbeke, Belgium. Student and student reporter at the University of Gent. Instagram: @dindinsr
“This reminds me of my first days in high school after French law banned the hijab in schools. My teacher forced me to take off my head scarf in front of all the other pupils. I was humiliated. ... Today, I felt my heart broken again. I just looked at this woman taking off her clothes and asked myself, when will it end?”
— Hajer Zennou, 27, Lyon, France. Designer. She was referring to a woman who was surrounded by police officers on a beach in Nice.
“I am insulted, spat on (literally) every day in the subway, on the bus, at school. Yet I have never insulted or hit someone. No, I am just Muslim. I am seriously thinking of going to live elsewhere, where other people’s looks won’t make me cry every night in my bed.
“I am afraid of having to wear a yellow crescent on my clothes one day, like the Star of David for Jews not so long ago.”
— Charlotte Monnier, 23, Toulouse, France. Architecture student.
“I was curious to see if, in the cities where they forbade women in burkinis, dogs could swim. The answer was yes for some of them. Personally, I am scandalized that dogs can have more rights than a scarfed woman.”
— Samia Fekih, 36, Paris. Digital project manager.
“I am a social worker and I do my best to strive for a fair and free society. To me, wearing the veil does not mean being enslaved by a man. On the contrary, it means reappropriating the body and femininity.”
— Nawal Afkir, 25, Brussels
“Every time I visit Morocco, I feel and see more freedom than here in the West.”
— Souad el Bouchihati, 26, Gouda, the Netherlands. Social worker.
“I don’t mind removing my veil to work. What bothers me is hiding it from my colleagues. ... Of course, I did not hide for very long. I ran into my colleague as I was shopping with a friend, and I was wearing my veil. We said hello, and I whispered to her I would explain. I felt so bad about lying to her all this time. It was hell! So I sent her a text message to tell her the truth. She told me that she understood, and that she wouldn’t repeat it.”
— Hadjira Skoundri, 22, Toulouse, France. Administrative agent in the local government.
“Even if we make every effort and try to be ‘integrated,’ we are constantly reminded that to be properly and completely integrated, we must give up our principles and our religion. In our homes, at work, or among our friends, there is a kind of pressure. We don’t dare accept invitations from friends because we’re sick of having to say no to alcohol and to politely justify ourselves, walking on eggshells while making sure we don’t say anything that could be taken the wrong way. At work, there have been little jokes along the lines of ‘Did you help your cousins?’ after the terrorist attacks. And our families who curse the terrorists at mealtime are then insulted by these new laws.
“So then what? We isolate ourselves. And once you start isolating yourself, you’re no longer integrating.”
— Mira Hassine, 27, Orléans, France. Administrator at a construction company and a practicing Muslim who does not wear a veil.
“To be a Muslim woman in France is to live in an apartheid system of which the beach bans are just the latest incarnation. ... I think that French Muslim women would be justified to request asylum in the United States, for instance, given how many persecutions we are subjected to.”
— Karima Mondon, 37. French teacher who recently moved to Casablanca, Morocco, from Lyon, France.
“I am a Muslim French woman. I live in London. As a Frenchwoman, I would never have achieved what I have in London while wearing the veil. I am a politician in local government, deputy leader of my borough, and I wear the scarf. If I were in France, forget about it.”
— Saima Ashraf, 39, London. Twitter: @saimaashraf25
“I am a nurse and I wear the veil. At work, it is impossible for me to wear my veil. I remove it upon arrival. Nothing on the head, no long sleeves, nothing that might cover me up to adhere to my way of living. … We are denied the possibility of going to the pool and now to the beach. What is the next step? Are we going to wear crescents to be recognized?”
— Linda Alem, 27, Paris. Nurse at a dialysis center.
“I feel unwell to the point of becoming paranoid! As a student, I had a classmate call me a Salafist and make a death threat against me. Why? Because he saw me wearing a veil in the street. When I went to see the school’s assistant principal, the only solution she found was to expel both of us if we did not lessen the tensions that he had caused. A real nightmare, where all roads lead to injustice. ... I have tears in my eyes as I write these words, and while I don’t want to present us as victims, their relentlessness is such that I am going to leave this country sooner or later. They will surely have obtained what they wanted, but I don’t have the strength of Rosa Parks. One less engineer in France — that’s their punishment.”
— Nora Mahboub, 21, Paris. Engineering student.
“Even though I have a master’s degree, I couldn’t find a job related to my studies. … I see no hope for our future, and like many others, I intend to go abroad. My heart is 100 percent French, but it feels like I have to prove my ‘Frenchness,’ and with everything happening currently, I’m tired of justifying my identity.”
— Siam Ferhat-Basset, 29, Drancy, France. Former receptionist.
“During my studies, I was someone who worked hard. I loved to learn. But as I continued my schooling, I lost all motivation. I knew that as a veiled Muslim woman, I had no future in the professional world. We are being asked to integrate, but unfortunately, they don’t integrate us.”
— Saadia Akessour, 31, Liège, Belgium. Stay-at-home mother who had to remove her veil during a midwifery internship and has since abandoned her studies.
“This summer, I went swimming near Hendaye, in southwestern France. I was a bit of a local curiosity, but I found that people were kind. It seems that the news media and politicians are not in sync with what the people think.”
— Fadoua Hachimi, 41, Les Lilas, France. Purchasing assistant.
“I feel like an outlaw, a kind of criminal who is demanding something illegal, even though I am demanding nothing but the right to be free.”
— Nadia Lamarti, 35, Zellik, Belgium. Mother of four daughters who has trained as a social worker.
“I find it crazy that the French appear to be discovering Islam and are still talking to us about integration, even though we are now in the third or even fourth generation of Muslims of North African descent living in France.”
— Assia Boukhelifa, 22, Lille. Political science student.
“I am a woman who wears this full-coverage swimsuit. (“Burkini” is a term that is too loaded.) I used to settle for watching others enjoy the pleasures of swimming — at most I would go into the water in my street clothes, which is absolutely impractical. This piece of clothing has broken my chains.”
— Ennaji Loubna, 30, Perpignan, France. Studying for a master’s in sociology.
“Thank you ever so much for viewing us as human beings and for taking into account our opinions. In Belgium, as in France for that matter, we never get the chance to speak, even though we Muslims (veiled or not) are the main people concerned by these recurrent controversies on Islam and women. We are seen as brainless bigots who are submissive to our husbands or fathers. I myself am a Muslim, a teacher, tolerant, feminist AND veiled.”
— Khadija Manouach, 29, Brussels. Teacher in an elementary school.
“As a Muslim young woman, I do not feel safe anymore. … I am preparing to go to the U.K., where I can work and live normally — which makes me sad, because I do love my country.”
— Sarah Nahal, Grenoble, France. Student in economics and management.
“My father has lived in France since age 8, and he has been working since age 14, but despite everything, this isn’t enough for France to view us as ordinary fellow citizens, since my veil bothers them. … What can we do? Take courage into our own hands and fight with the weapons that we have at our disposal: knowledge, diplomas and willpower!”

— Nadia Benabdelkader, 25, Roubaix, France. Student.
An earlier version of this article erroneously included Paris in a list of cities attacked by terrorists this year. The attacks were in 2015, not 2016.
Get news and analysis from Europe and around the world delivered to your inbox every day with the Today’s Headlines: European Morning newsletter. Sign up here.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/world/europe/burkini-musulmans-france-belgique.html
43

LILLIE DREMEAUXSEPT. 2, 2016
Les voix des femmes musulmanes ont été quasiment noyées par le débat agité sur l’interdiction de se baigner en burkini sur les plages de plus de 30 municipalités françaises; femmes pour qui ces maillots couvrant complètement le corps ont été conçus. Le New York Times a sollicité leurs avis, et les réponses — plus de 1000 messages de Belgique, de France et d’ailleurs — vont bien au-delà de la question des tenues de plage.
Le résultat brosse le portrait de la vie de la femme musulmane, voilée ou pas, dans les parties d’Europe où le terrorisme a le plus tendu les sociétés. Le mot “combat” a été utilisé des dizaines de fois. Beaucoup de celles qui sont nées en France parlent de confusion quand on les enjoint de rentrer là d’où elles viennent.
Les tribunaux ont suspendu plusieurs interdictions suite à une décision du Conseil d’État la semaine dernière — l’interdiction à Nice, où s’est déroulé un horrible attentat terroriste le 14 juillet dernier, a été suspendue ce jeudi — mais le débat est loin d’être terminé.
“Depuis des années, nous supportons les regards et les propos menaçants,” écrit Taslima Amar, 30 ans, enseignante en banlieue parisienne. “On m’a demandé de rentrer chez moi (alors que je suis chez moi).” Désormais, Mme Amar a ajouté, elle espère quitter la France avec son époux.
Laurie Abouzeir, 32 ans, écrit qu’elle envisage de se mettre à son compte et de s’occuper d’enfants à son domicile toulousain. Cela lui permettrait de porter le voile, qui est vu d’un mauvais œil et parfois même interdit sur certains lieux de travail.
Beaucoup de femmes écrivent que les préjugés anti-Musulmans se sont intensifiés ces derniers mois et années, citant les attaques terroristes de Paris en 2015, ainsi que celles de Bruxelles et de Nice cette année. Halima Djalab Bouguerra, étudiante de 21 ans à Bourg-en-Bresse, évoque une date antérieure, estimant que les choses avaient déjà commencé à changer en 2012, avec les meurtres de Mohammed Merah dans le sud-ouest du pays.
“Il y a surtout eu des regards qui ont changé”, écrit Mme Bouguerra. “Les langues se sont déliées, plus personne n’a peur de dire à un musulman : “Rentre chez toi.”
Voici quelques extraits des commentaires que nous avons reçus, parfois condensés et modifiés pour plus de clarté, et traduits en français lorsqu’ils nous ont été envoyés en anglais.
Quand le burkini est apparu, j’étais heureuse pour ma sœur, qui était en vacances et pouvait enfin jouer sur la plage avec ses enfants plutôt que de devoir rester à l’ombre. Au début de la polémique, je me suis dit, “C’est pas grave, Dina, c’est simplement quelques personnes étroites d’esprit qui n’ont rien d’autre à faire que de semer la haine.” Mais là ? Je pensais que c’était justement tout ce contre quoi l’Europe se battait. … Comment est-il possible que dans un monde “moderne”, bronzer toute nue soit acceptable, mais garder ses vêtements à la plage ne le soit pas ?
— Dina Srouji, 23 ans, Lebbeke, Belgique. Étudiante et apprentie journaliste à l’Université de Gand. Instagram: @dindinsr.
Cela me rappelle mon premier jour au lycée après l’interdiction en France du port du hijab à l’école. Mon professeur m’avait obligé à retirer mon voile devant tous les autres élèves. J’étais humiliée. … Aujourd’hui, ça me brise le cœur de nouveau. J’ai simplement regardé cette femme retirer un vêtement et je me suis demandée : quand est-ce que cela va s’arrêter ?
— Hajer Zennou, 27 ans, Lyon. Designer. Elle faisait référence à une femme à Nice qui a été obligé de retirer sa chemise à la plage.
On m’insulte, me crache dessus (littéralement) tous les jours dans le métro, le bus, mon école. Pourtant, je n’ai jamais insulté, frappé quelqu’un. Non, je suis juste musulmane. Je pense sérieusement partir vivre ailleurs, où le regard des autres ne me fera plus pleurer chaque soir dans mon lit. … J’ai peur un jour de porter une lune jaune sur mes habits, comme l’étoile de David pour les Juifs il n’y a pas si longtemps.
Merci à vous de nous écouter et nous donner la parole.
— Charlotte Monnier, 23 ans, Toulouse. Étudiante en architecture.
J’étais curieuse de voir si, dans les villes où ils ont interdit les femmes en burkini, les chiens avaient le droit de nager. La réponse est oui dans certains cas. Personnellement, je suis scandalisée que les chiens aient plus de droits que des femmes voilées.
— Samia Fekih, 36 ans, Paris. Chef de projet numérique.
Je suis assistante sociale et je fais mon maximum pour œuvrer pour une société juste et libre. Porter le voile ne signifie pas être asservie par un homme. Au contraire, cela signifie la réappropriation du corps et de ma féminité. … Merci New York Times de nous laisser cet espace de parole et la possibilité de nous exprimer librement. Chose qui nous manque peut-être en Europe.
— Nawal Afkir, 25 ans, Bruxelles.
À chaque fois que je me rends au Maroc, je me sens plus libre qu’en Occident, et j’y vois plus de libertés.
— Souad el Bouchihati, 26 ans, Gouda, Pays-Bas. Assistante sociale.
Ça ne me dérange pas de retirer mon voile pour travailler, ce qui me dérange, c’est de le cacher à mes collègues. … Bien entendu, je ne me suis pas cachée bien longtemps, j’ai croisé ma collègue de bureau en faisant les boutiques avec mon amie, donc forcément, j’étais voilée. Nous nous sommes dites bonjour, et dans l’oreille, je lui ai dit que je lui expliquerai. Je me sentais tellement mal de lui mentir depuis tout ce temps ! Un enfer ! Je lui ai donc envoyé un SMS pour lui dire la vérité. Elle m’a promis qu’elle comprenait et qu’elle ne le répéterait pas.
— Hadjira Skoundri, 22 ans, Toulouse. Agent administratif à la préfecture.
Quand bien même vous faites tous les efforts inimaginables en croyant ainsi vous “intégrer”, il vous est toujours martelé que pour bien faire et ainsi répondre à une intégration “complète” il nous faut renoncer à nos principes et notre religion. Dans nos foyers, au bureau ou entre amis, une sorte de pression sévit. On n’ose plus répondre favorablement à une invitation “d’amis”, car nous en avons marre de devoir refuser un verre d’alcool et justifier poliment en y mettant les formes, tout ça en veillant à ne pas dire de choses préjudiciables dans ce que l’on peut presque appeler des excuses. Au bureau, les petites vannes du genre “tu as aidé tes cousins ?” à la suite d’un attentat. Et nos familles lors des repas qui maudissent ces terroristes et sont insultés par la nouvelle législation.
Alors quoi. On s’isole. Et lorsqu’on s’isole, on ne s’intègre plus.
— Mira Hassine, 27 ans, Orléans. Responsable administrative dans une entreprise du bâtiment. Elle est musulmane mais ne porte pas le voile.
Être musulmane en France, c’est vivre dans un régime d’apartheid dont l’interdiction de plage n’est que le dernier avatar. ... Je crois que les femmes françaises musulmanes seraient fondées à demander l’asile aux USA, par exemple, tant les persécutions que nous subissons sont nombreuses.
— Karima Mondon, 37 ans, professeur de français. Elle vient de quitter Lyon avec sa famille pour s’installer à Casablanca, au Maroc.
Je suis une femme française et musulmane. Je vis à Londres. En France, je n’aurais jamais pu accomplir ce que j’ai fait à Londres en portant le voile. Je travaille dans l’administration locale, je suis adjointe au représentant de mon quartier et je porte le voile. Si j’étais en France, cela ne serait jamais arrivé.
— Saima Ashraf, 39 ans, Londres. Twitter: @saimaashraf25.
Je suis infirmière et voilée. Au travail, il m’est impossible d’avoir mon voile. Je le retire en arrivant. Pas de couvre-chef, pas de manche, rien qui puisse me couvrir pour être en corrélation avec mon mode de vie. … On nous refuse la possibilité d’aller à la piscine et maintenant à la plage. … Quelle est la prochaine étape ? Allons-nous porter des lunes pour être reconnus ?
— Linda Alem, 27 ans, Paris. Infirmière en centre d’hémodialyse.
Je me sens mal à en devenir parano ! Élève en classe préparatoire, je me suis fait insulter de salafiste et menacer de mort par un de mes camarades de classe. Pourquoi ? Car il m’a vue dans la rue avec mon voile. Quand je suis partie voir le proviseur-adjoint du lycée, la seule solution qu’elle a trouvée était notre renvoi à tous les deux si nous n’apaisions pas les tensions qu’il avait provoquées. Un vrai cauchemar, où toutes les issues mènent à l’injustice. ...
En écrivant ces mots, j’ai les larmes aux yeux, et sans vouloir nous positionner en tant que victimes, leurs acharnements sur ces détails vont faire que je vais partir de ce pays tôt ou tard. Ils auront surement obtenu ce qu’ils veulent, mais je n’ai pas la force de Rosa Parks. Une ingénieure en moins en France, voilà leur punition.
— Nora Mahboub, 21 ans, Paris. Étudiante en école d’ingénieurs.
Même diplômée d’un master, je n’ai pas réussi à trouver un travail dans mon domaine d’études. Je ne vois aucun espoir pour notre avenir, et comme beaucoup d’autres, j’envisage de partir à l’étranger. Mon cœur est 100 % français, mais j’ai le sentiment de devoir prouver ma “francité,” et avec tout ce qui se passe en ce moment, je suis fatiguée de devoir justifier mon identité.
— Siam Ferhat-Basset, 29 ans, Drancy. Ancienne hôtesse d’accueil.
Durant mes études, j’étais quelqu’un qui travaillait bien, j’adorais apprendre. Au fur et à mesure que j’avançais dans ma scolarité, je perdais toute motivation : Je savais qu’en tant que musulmane voilée, je n’avais aucun avenir dans le monde professionnel. On nous demande de nous intégrer, mais malheureusement eux ne nous intègrent pas.
— Saadia Akessour, 31 ans, Liège, Belgique. Elle est mère au foyer qui a dû retirer son voile pendant un stage de sage-femme et qui a ensuite arrêté ses études.
Je me suis baignée cet été du côté de Hendaye (sud-ouest de la France). J’ai été un peu la curiosité du coin, mais j’ai trouvé les gens bienveillants. Il me semble que les médias et politiciens sont en contradiction avec ce que le peuple pense.
— Fadoua Hachimi, 41 ans, Les Lilas, France. Assistante achats.
J’ai la sensation d’être une hors-la-loi, une espèce de bandit qui exige quelque chose d’interdit alors que je n’exige rien d’autre que mon droit à la liberté.
— Nadia Lamarti, 35 ans, Zellik, Belgique. Elle est mère de quatre filles et de formation auxiliaire sociale.
Je trouve fou que les Français ont l’air de découvrir l’islam et nous parlent encore d’intégration alors qu’on en est aujourd’hui à la troisième voire quatrième génération de maghrébins musulmans installés en France.

— Assia Boukhelifa, 22 ans, Lille. Étudiante en sciences politiques.
Je suis une femme qui porte ce maillot couvrant (burkini étant un terme trop connoté). Alors qu’avant je me contentais d’observer les autres profitant des plaisirs de la baignade, au mieux je rentrais avec mes vêtements de ville (ce qui n’est absolument pas pratique). Ce vêtement a cassé mes chaînes.
— Ennaji Loubna, 30 ans, Perpignan. Étudiante en Master de sociologie.
Merci infiniment de nous considérer comme des êtres humains et de prendre en compte nos opinions. En Belgique, tout comme en France d’ailleurs, nous n’avons jamais la parole alors que nous musulmanes (voilées ou non) sommes les premières intéressées par ces polémiques récurrentes au sujet de l’islam et des femmes. Nous sommes considérées comme des bigotes écervelées et soumises à leur mari ou père. Je suis moi-même musulmane, enseignante, tolérante, féministe ET voilée.
— Khadija Manouach, 29 ans, Bruxelles. Institutrice.
En tant que jeune femme musulmane, je ne me sens plus en sécurité. … Je m’apprête à partir au Royaume-Uni où je peux travailler et vivre normalement. Cela m’attriste, car j’aime vraiment mon pays.
— Sarah Nahal, 24, Grenoble. Étudiante en économie et gestion.
Mon père a grandi et vécu en France depuis l’âge de 8 ans, et travaille depuis ses 14 ans, mais malgré tout, ce n’est pas assez pour que la France nous considère comme des concitoyens lambdas, puisque mon voile les dérange. … Que faire ? Prendre son courage à deux mains et se battre avec les armes que l’on dispose, le savoir, les diplômes et la volonté !
— Nadia Benabdelkader, 25 ans, Roubaix. Étudiante.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/business/dealbook/anbang-global-shopping-spree-china-mystery-ownership.html
44
Owners of Anbang, a Chinese insurer behind a
wave of multibillion-dollar deals, include relatives
and friends of its politically connected chairman.
By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and JONATHAN ANSFIELDSEPT. 1, 2016
Pingyang County’s verdant hills still hint at a long-lost China. Rice paddies and villages surround its bustling towns, and in the fields, farmers wade into the mud to plant seedlings as they have for thousands of years.
It is an odd place to find the people behind a Chinese corporate powerhouse that is turning heads on Wall Street with a global takeover binge. Yet the area is home to a tiny group of just such people — small-time merchants and villagers who happen to control multibillion-dollar stakes in the Anbang Insurance Group, which owns the Waldorf Astoria in New York and a portfolio of global names and properties.
American regulators are now asking who these shareholders are — and whether they are holding their stakes on behalf of others.
The questions add to the mystery surrounding a company that seemed to come out of nowhere, surprising deal makers with offers to pay more than $30 billion for assets around the world.
Anbang’s shopping spree is part of an outflow of money from China that has reshaped global markets but has often been shrouded in secrecy, sometimes by prominent Chinese looking to shift their wealth abroad without attracting attention at home. That poses a problem for international regulators trying to identify the buyers behind major acquisitions and to assess the riskiness of these deals.
The Anbang shareholders in the Pingyang County area hold their stakes through a byzantine collection of holding companies. But according to dozens of interviews and a review of thousands of pages of Anbang filings by The New York Times, many of them have something in common: They are family members and acquaintances of Wu Xiaohui, Anbang’s chairman, a native of the county who married into the family of Deng Xiaoping, China’s paramount leader in the 1980s and ’90s.
In many ways, Anbang and Mr. Wu appear to be archetypal products of China’s mix of freewheeling capitalism and Communist Party dominance, a formula that has fueled nearly four decades of untrammeled growth.
Anbang got its start as an auto insurance company in 2004 in the eastern Chinese city of Ningbo. For years it was only a minor player. But it took off as it became more aggressive with its finances, buying stakes in Chinese banks and bringing in money by selling high-risk, high-yield investment funds to ordinary Chinese.
Mr. Wu, 49, a former car salesman and low-level antismuggling official, led Anbang through this transformation and is now known as one of China’s most successful businessmen. He wears tailored suits and polished loafers, hobnobs with the likes of Stephen A. Schwarzman of Blackstone, and sometimes holds court at Harvard.
But he does not appear in Anbang’s filings as an owner.
It is common in China for the wealthy to have their shares in companies held in others’ names. Known in Chinese as baishoutao, or white gloves, these people are often trusted relatives or acquaintances. Many defend the practice as a way to protect their privacy in a nation where riches can be a political liability. But others say white gloves can be used to hide ill-gotten gains and thwart corruption investigators.
Anbang did not respond when asked if Mr. Wu was a shareholder and declined to answer questions about its owners.
The company, a spokesman said, “has multiple shareholders who have made all required disclosures under Chinese law. They are a mix of individual and institutional shareholders who made a commercial decision to invest in the company. Anbang has now grown to be a global company thanks to the support of these long-term shareholders.”
For investors and regulators, white gloves can make it difficult to evaluate the financial health of a Chinese buyer. Ownership may be concentrated in the hands of a few people, posing hidden risks, and companies with government connections could be vulnerable to political shifts or become magnets for corruption.
“It is very important for businesses to know who they are ultimately doing business with, and for investors, what they are investing in,” said Keith Williamson, a managing director in Hong Kong at Alvarez & Marsal, a firm that carries out corporate fraud investigations.
It is not clear whether the shareholders in the Pingyang County region are holding large stakes on behalf of anyone else. But on May 27, Anbang withdrew its application with New York State to buy an Iowa insurer, Fidelity & Guaranty Life, for $1.6 billion. Regulators had asked about ties between several shareholders with the same family names, said one person briefed on the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
A $6.5 billion deal for a portfolio of hotels that includes the Essex House in New York and several Four Seasons locations is awaiting results from a security review by the American government. In March, Anbang withdrew a $14 billion bid for Starwood, the operator of Sheraton and Westin hotels, in a move that surprised Wall Street.
The company could come under greater scrutiny as it prepares to sell shares in its life insurance business on the Hong Kong stock exchange next year. Already, at least one major New York-based investment bank has raised concerns about Anbang’s ownership after studying its shareholding structure to evaluate whether to help with its overseas deals, according to two people involved in the matter who asked not to be identified because the process was private. The bank did not participate in Anbang’s deals.
Separately, the Chinese magazine Caixin reported in May that Chinese regulators were examining Anbang’s riskier financial products. It is unclear where that inquiry stands or whether Anbang’s ownership structure is being investigated.

President Xi Jinping has waged a campaign against graft since taking office, and the use of white gloves has recently come under scrutiny. “White gloves are accompanied by power’s black hands,” the Communist Party’s disciplinary watchdog wrote in a report last year.
Questions about Anbang’s owners come as Chinese companies make deals around the world — sometimes representing efforts by China’s powerful to move money out of the country, as the economy slows and the party tightens its grip on everyday life.
China has encouraged some capital outflow to improve the performance of its investments and expand its influence. But the subject of the elite moving money overseas is politically sensitive, raising questions about the source of their wealth and their confidence in the Chinese economy.
Luo Yu, the son of a former chief of staff of China’s military, said China’s most politically powerful families had been transferring money out of the country for some time.
“They don’t believe they will hold on to power long enough — sooner or later they would collapse,” said Mr. Luo, a former colonel in the Chinese Army whose younger brother was a business partner with one of Anbang’s founders. “So they transfer their money.”
At its founding in 2004, Anbang had an impressive list of politically connected directors. Records show early Anbang directors included Levin Zhu, son of a former prime minister, and Chen Xiaolu, the son of an army marshal who helped bring Communist rule to China.
Then there was Mr. Wu, who was born Wu Guanghui but was known as Wu Xiaohui from a young age. Relatives said he grew up in a Catholic family; a crucifix sat on his aunt’s dining room table, and she wears a necklace with a portrait of the Virgin Mary.
Mr. Wu married Zhuo Ran, a granddaughter of Deng, the Chinese leader who brought China out of the chaos of the Mao era. Together, Mr. Wu, Ms. Zhuo, Mr. Chen and their relatives owned or ran the companies that controlled Anbang, according to company filings.
Anbang leapt onto the global stage with last year’s purchase of the Waldorf Astoria and its aborted bid for the Starwood chain. By this year, Anbang’s assets had swelled to $295 billion.
It is not clear what prompted Anbang’s sudden interest in overseas assets. But the shift came after a reshuffling of its ownership structure that also led to the injection of more than $7.5 billion into the company.
Company documents filed with Chinese agencies show that the number of firms holding Anbang’s shares jumped to 39, from eight, over six months in 2014. Most of those firms received large injections of funds. At the same time, Anbang’s capital more than quintupled.
Ms. Zhuo disappeared from the ownership records by the end of that year. Many of Mr. Wu’s relatives did as well. Mr. Wu and Mr. Chen had disappeared earlier from the records.
Mr. Zhu, who does not appear to have owned shares, disappeared in paper filings from Anbang’s roster of directors by 2009, though he was listed as a director on online government filings as late as 2014.
Mr. Wu, Mr. Chen and Mr. Zhu did not respond to requests for comment, and Ms. Zhuo could not be reached. In March, Mr. Zhu told Chinese reporters that he was not an Anbang director.
Anbang’s current shareholding firms are not well-known names in China, and some appear to have been set up just to hold Anbang shares. One lists its address as the empty 27th floor of a dusty Beijing office building. Two more list an address at a mail drop above a Beijing post office.
Using corporate filings, The Times compiled a list of nearly 100 people who own shares in the firms and traced about a dozen to Pingyang County or nearby. Reporters visited the area, in China’s eastern Zhejiang Province, and interviewed dozens of residents, including several whose names appeared on the list. They also interviewed an uncle, an aunt and a nephew of Mr. Wu.
The latter two, as well as others in the area, said one name matched that of his sister, Wu Xiaoxia. The family members said several other names matched those of Mr. Wu’s extended kin, including two cousins and others on his mother’s side of the family. Through their various stakes in Anbang shareholding companies, these people control a stake representing more than $17 billion in assets.
Other names matched local acquaintances of Mr. Wu, including Huang Maosheng, a local businessman who confirmed in a brief phone interview that he had a business relationship with Mr. Wu but declined to elaborate.
One village leader and neighbors identified the names of four of Mr. Huang’s relatives — including some whom they described as common workers — from among those on the list. Their Anbang holdings represent about $12 billion in assets.
Another resident, Mei Xiaojing, said two names on the list matched those of her relatives. Asked if she knew Mr. Wu, she said, “Well, yes,” then ended the phone conversation and did not respond to subsequent calls. Through multiple holding companies, those three people have a stake representing about $19 billion in Anbang assets.
As Anbang rose, so did Mr. Wu’s profile. In 2013 Mr. Wu secured a yearlong position as a visiting fellow at the Asia Center of Harvard, joining a growing list of politically connected Chinese billionaires with ties to Harvard.
Ezra F. Vogel, a professor emeritus at Harvard who wrote a biography of Deng, said he met Mr. Wu on several occasions.
“He had this staff of sharp people who were working for him,” Mr. Vogel said. “It seems that they were doing the detail work, and he was the friendly man supplying the connections.”
Michael Forsythe reported from Hong Kong, and Jonathan Ansfield from Wenzhou, China. Michael Corkery contributed reporting from New York. Research was contributed by Kiki Zhao and Owen Guo from Wenzhou, and Yufan Huang and Zhang Tiantian from Beijing.
?????????:
???????????????????
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: Scrutiny on Its Ownership Trips Up a Chinese Giant. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/business/dealbook/anbang-global-shopping-spree-china-mystery-ownership.html
45
Owners of Anbang, a Chinese insurer behind a
wave of multibillion-dollar deals, include relatives
and friends of its politically connected chairman.
By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and JONATHAN ANSFIELDSEPT. 1, 2016
Pingyang County’s verdant hills still hint at a long-lost China. Rice paddies and villages surround its bustling towns, and in the fields, farmers wade into the mud to plant seedlings as they have for thousands of years.
It is an odd place to find the people behind a Chinese corporate powerhouse that is turning heads on Wall Street with a global takeover binge. Yet the area is home to a tiny group of just such people — small-time merchants and villagers who happen to control multibillion-dollar stakes in the Anbang Insurance Group, which owns the Waldorf Astoria in New York and a portfolio of global names and properties.
American regulators are now asking who these shareholders are — and whether they are holding their stakes on behalf of others.
The questions add to the mystery surrounding a company that seemed to come out of nowhere, surprising deal makers with offers to pay more than $30 billion for assets around the world.
Anbang’s shopping spree is part of an outflow of money from China that has reshaped global markets but has often been shrouded in secrecy, sometimes by prominent Chinese looking to shift their wealth abroad without attracting attention at home. That poses a problem for international regulators trying to identify the buyers behind major acquisitions and to assess the riskiness of these deals.
The Anbang shareholders in the Pingyang County area hold their stakes through a byzantine collection of holding companies. But according to dozens of interviews and a review of thousands of pages of Anbang filings by The New York Times, many of them have something in common: They are family members and acquaintances of Wu Xiaohui, Anbang’s chairman, a native of the county who married into the family of Deng Xiaoping, China’s paramount leader in the 1980s and ’90s.
In many ways, Anbang and Mr. Wu appear to be archetypal products of China’s mix of freewheeling capitalism and Communist Party dominance, a formula that has fueled nearly four decades of untrammeled growth.
Anbang got its start as an auto insurance company in 2004 in the eastern Chinese city of Ningbo. For years it was only a minor player. But it took off as it became more aggressive with its finances, buying stakes in Chinese banks and bringing in money by selling high-risk, high-yield investment funds to ordinary Chinese.
Mr. Wu, 49, a former car salesman and low-level antismuggling official, led Anbang through this transformation and is now known as one of China’s most successful businessmen. He wears tailored suits and polished loafers, hobnobs with the likes of Stephen A. Schwarzman of Blackstone, and sometimes holds court at Harvard.
But he does not appear in Anbang’s filings as an owner.
It is common in China for the wealthy to have their shares in companies held in others’ names. Known in Chinese as baishoutao, or white gloves, these people are often trusted relatives or acquaintances. Many defend the practice as a way to protect their privacy in a nation where riches can be a political liability. But others say white gloves can be used to hide ill-gotten gains and thwart corruption investigators.
Anbang did not respond when asked if Mr. Wu was a shareholder and declined to answer questions about its owners.
The company, a spokesman said, “has multiple shareholders who have made all required disclosures under Chinese law. They are a mix of individual and institutional shareholders who made a commercial decision to invest in the company. Anbang has now grown to be a global company thanks to the support of these long-term shareholders.”
For investors and regulators, white gloves can make it difficult to evaluate the financial health of a Chinese buyer. Ownership may be concentrated in the hands of a few people, posing hidden risks, and companies with government connections could be vulnerable to political shifts or become magnets for corruption.
“It is very important for businesses to know who they are ultimately doing business with, and for investors, what they are investing in,” said Keith Williamson, a managing director in Hong Kong at Alvarez & Marsal, a firm that carries out corporate fraud investigations.
It is not clear whether the shareholders in the Pingyang County region are holding large stakes on behalf of anyone else. But on May 27, Anbang withdrew its application with New York State to buy an Iowa insurer, Fidelity & Guaranty Life, for $1.6 billion. Regulators had asked about ties between several shareholders with the same family names, said one person briefed on the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
A $6.5 billion deal for a portfolio of hotels that includes the Essex House in New York and several Four Seasons locations is awaiting results from a security review by the American government. In March, Anbang withdrew a $14 billion bid for Starwood, the operator of Sheraton and Westin hotels, in a move that surprised Wall Street.
The company could come under greater scrutiny as it prepares to sell shares in its life insurance business on the Hong Kong stock exchange next year. Already, at least one major New York-based investment bank has raised concerns about Anbang’s ownership after studying its shareholding structure to evaluate whether to help with its overseas deals, according to two people involved in the matter who asked not to be identified because the process was private. The bank did not participate in Anbang’s deals.
Separately, the Chinese magazine Caixin reported in May that Chinese regulators were examining Anbang’s riskier financial products. It is unclear where that inquiry stands or whether Anbang’s ownership structure is being investigated.

President Xi Jinping has waged a campaign against graft since taking office, and the use of white gloves has recently come under scrutiny. “White gloves are accompanied by power’s black hands,” the Communist Party’s disciplinary watchdog wrote in a report last year.
Questions about Anbang’s owners come as Chinese companies make deals around the world — sometimes representing efforts by China’s powerful to move money out of the country, as the economy slows and the party tightens its grip on everyday life.
China has encouraged some capital outflow to improve the performance of its investments and expand its influence. But the subject of the elite moving money overseas is politically sensitive, raising questions about the source of their wealth and their confidence in the Chinese economy.
Luo Yu, the son of a former chief of staff of China’s military, said China’s most politically powerful families had been transferring money out of the country for some time.
“They don’t believe they will hold on to power long enough — sooner or later they would collapse,” said Mr. Luo, a former colonel in the Chinese Army whose younger brother was a business partner with one of Anbang’s founders. “So they transfer their money.”
At its founding in 2004, Anbang had an impressive list of politically connected directors. Records show early Anbang directors included Levin Zhu, son of a former prime minister, and Chen Xiaolu, the son of an army marshal who helped bring Communist rule to China.
Then there was Mr. Wu, who was born Wu Guanghui but was known as Wu Xiaohui from a young age. Relatives said he grew up in a Catholic family; a crucifix sat on his aunt’s dining room table, and she wears a necklace with a portrait of the Virgin Mary.
Mr. Wu married Zhuo Ran, a granddaughter of Deng, the Chinese leader who brought China out of the chaos of the Mao era. Together, Mr. Wu, Ms. Zhuo, Mr. Chen and their relatives owned or ran the companies that controlled Anbang, according to company filings.
Anbang leapt onto the global stage with last year’s purchase of the Waldorf Astoria and its aborted bid for the Starwood chain. By this year, Anbang’s assets had swelled to $295 billion.
It is not clear what prompted Anbang’s sudden interest in overseas assets. But the shift came after a reshuffling of its ownership structure that also led to the injection of more than $7.5 billion into the company.
Company documents filed with Chinese agencies show that the number of firms holding Anbang’s shares jumped to 39, from eight, over six months in 2014. Most of those firms received large injections of funds. At the same time, Anbang’s capital more than quintupled.
Ms. Zhuo disappeared from the ownership records by the end of that year. Many of Mr. Wu’s relatives did as well. Mr. Wu and Mr. Chen had disappeared earlier from the records.
Mr. Zhu, who does not appear to have owned shares, disappeared in paper filings from Anbang’s roster of directors by 2009, though he was listed as a director on online government filings as late as 2014.
Mr. Wu, Mr. Chen and Mr. Zhu did not respond to requests for comment, and Ms. Zhuo could not be reached. In March, Mr. Zhu told Chinese reporters that he was not an Anbang director.
Anbang’s current shareholding firms are not well-known names in China, and some appear to have been set up just to hold Anbang shares. One lists its address as the empty 27th floor of a dusty Beijing office building. Two more list an address at a mail drop above a Beijing post office.
Using corporate filings, The Times compiled a list of nearly 100 people who own shares in the firms and traced about a dozen to Pingyang County or nearby. Reporters visited the area, in China’s eastern Zhejiang Province, and interviewed dozens of residents, including several whose names appeared on the list. They also interviewed an uncle, an aunt and a nephew of Mr. Wu.
The latter two, as well as others in the area, said one name matched that of his sister, Wu Xiaoxia. The family members said several other names matched those of Mr. Wu’s extended kin, including two cousins and others on his mother’s side of the family. Through their various stakes in Anbang shareholding companies, these people control a stake representing more than $17 billion in assets.
Other names matched local acquaintances of Mr. Wu, including Huang Maosheng, a local businessman who confirmed in a brief phone interview that he had a business relationship with Mr. Wu but declined to elaborate.
One village leader and neighbors identified the names of four of Mr. Huang’s relatives — including some whom they described as common workers — from among those on the list. Their Anbang holdings represent about $12 billion in assets.
Another resident, Mei Xiaojing, said two names on the list matched those of her relatives. Asked if she knew Mr. Wu, she said, “Well, yes,” then ended the phone conversation and did not respond to subsequent calls. Through multiple holding companies, those three people have a stake representing about $19 billion in Anbang assets.
As Anbang rose, so did Mr. Wu’s profile. In 2013 Mr. Wu secured a yearlong position as a visiting fellow at the Asia Center of Harvard, joining a growing list of politically connected Chinese billionaires with ties to Harvard.
Ezra F. Vogel, a professor emeritus at Harvard who wrote a biography of Deng, said he met Mr. Wu on several occasions.
“He had this staff of sharp people who were working for him,” Mr. Vogel said. “It seems that they were doing the detail work, and he was the friendly man supplying the connections.”
Michael Forsythe reported from Hong Kong, and Jonathan Ansfield from Wenzhou, China. Michael Corkery contributed reporting from New York. Research was contributed by Kiki Zhao and Owen Guo from Wenzhou, and Yufan Huang and Zhang Tiantian from Beijing.
?????????:
???????????????????
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: Scrutiny on Its Ownership Trips Up a Chinese Giant. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://cn.nytimes.com/business/20160902/anbang-wu-xiaohui-chen-xiaolu/
46
Minh Uong/The New York Times
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????——????????????????????????????????????????????????????-?????(Waldorf Astoria)???????????????????????
Gilles Sabrie for The New York Times
????????????????????????????????150??????????????????????????
Ben Asen/International Insurance Society
2015?????????????????????
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times
???????????????-????????????????????????
???????????????????——???????????????
?????????????????????????????300???????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????40????????????
2004??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
49????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????(Blackstone)????(Stephen A. Schwarzman)????????????????????
????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
???????????????????????????????????????????
?????????????“??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????”?
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
“??????????????????????????????????????”?????????????(Alvarez & Marsal)??????????(Keith Williamson)??
?????????????????????????????5?27???????????????????16????????????????(Fidelity & Guaranty Life)?????????????????????????????????????????
???????65????????????????????????????????????????????????(Essex House)???????(Four Seasons)???3?????????????(Westin)????(Sheraton)????????(Starwood)?????140????????????????????
???????????????????????????????????????
??????????????5??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
??????????????????????????????????????????“‘???’???‘??’?????”??????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
??????????????????????????????????????????????
“???????????????????”????“????????????”????????????????????????????????
?2004??????????????????????????????????????????????????(Levin Zhu)??????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
??????????-??????????????????????????????????????????????????2950????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????75???????
??????????????????2014?????????????????????????39??????????????????????????????????????
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
?2009????????????????????????????????????????????2014???????????????????????
??????????????????????????????????3???????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????27????????????????????????????????????????
??????????????????????????????????100???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????170?????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
???????????????????????????——????????????????????????????120???????
???????????????????????????????????????????“??”????????????????????????????????????????190???????????
??????????????????????2013????????????????(Asia Center of Harvard)????????????????????????????????????????????
???????????????????(Ezra F. Vogel)????????????????
“????????????”?????“?????????????????????????????????”
???(Michael Forsythe)?????????????(Jonathan Ansfield)????????????
????????????????Michael Corkery????????????
Kiki Zhao?Owen Guo????Yufan Huang?Zhang Tiantian????????????
??????????
??????????
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/world/asia/china-anbang-insurance.html
47

Sinosphere
By MICHAEL FORSYTHE SEPT. 1, 2016
In the center of Beijing’s booming commercial district, with soaring office towers, gleaming shopping malls and luxury apartment complexes, sits a shabby, four-story building with an office that houses stupendous wealth.
To get there, visitors must first pass through an unmarked entrance next to a gray-tiled post office, then pass through a maze of carelessly strung phone and power lines. On the fourth floor, down a hallway where black scuff marks on the walls indicate years of neglect, is the Hujialou Concentrated Office Zone, an officially sanctioned domicile for shell companies.
According to government records, that office is home to two companies with a total stake that accounts for more than $15 billion in assets of one of China’s biggest financial conglomerates: the Anbang Insurance Group.
Prying visitors are not welcome. A woman at the office, who did not give her name, grew angry when a journalist told her that two companies there controlled a large share of Anbang.
“We’re just a private company, helping others register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce,” she said, referring to the keepers of China’s corporate database. “It is none of our business whether they are shell companies.”
Another Anbang shareholding firm — one that controls $5.6 billion in assets — lists its address a few blocks away from the Hujialou building, at an office tower’s empty 27th floor.
Near the Temple of Heaven, the former imperial religious complex in Beijing, the listed address of yet another shareholding company turns out to be another empty office. The directory downstairs lists the former tenant: a shoe seller.
A group of 39 companies control Anbang, which was once a sleepy insurance company and now has $295 billion in assets and a reputation as an ambitious global deal maker. Many of those companies are in turn owned by a welter of shell companies, many with similar names and addresses or common owners.
Ultimately, as The New York Times reports, they are controlled by about 100 people, many of whom hail from a county called Pingyang on China’s east coast. Pingyang County is the home county of Anbang’s chairman, Wu Xiaohui.
Get news and analysis from Asia and around the world delivered to your inbox every day in the Asian morning.
In any major country, the shareholders of marquee companies are often household names themselves. General Electric counts major institutional investors such as the Vanguard Group and BlackRock as top owners. Berkshire Hathaway’s biggest shareholder is its chairman, Warren E. Buffett.
China is no exception. Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties, for example, led by China’s richest man, Wang Jianlin, may match Anbang in the breadth of its political connections, but many of its biggest shareholders are easily recognizable Chinese companies like China Life Insurance.
Anbang is different. The companies that own it, and the people who back them, are almost all obscure. Two state-owned companies that collectively own less than 2 percent of Anbang are the only exceptions. I first started writing about Chinese companies 16 years ago and have never seen a similar ownership structure at a major company.
That is remarkable, given Anbang’s increasing size and prominence. Earlier this year, Anbang came close to executing what would have been the biggest takeover ever of an American company by a Chinese company, offering more than $14 billion for Starwood Hotels & Resorts.
In China, the company not only sells auto and life insurance, but also controls a major bank in southwestern China, is the largest shareholder of one of the country’s biggest financial conglomerates, China Minsheng Banking Corporation, and is the second-largest shareholder in another, China Merchants Bank.
But China is not an offshore haven like the Cayman Islands or the British Virgin Islands. The country’s online corporate records system allows those with patience to find the names behind the holding companies, even if — as with Anbang — the corporate shareholders frequently change names, addresses and owners.
After more than three months of combing through thousands of pages of records, The Times was able to piece together a corporate history for those 39 shareholders. One clear pattern emerged. At least 35 of the companies, collectively owning more than 92 percent of Anbang, can trace all or part of their ownership to relatives of Mr. Wu or to his wife, Zhuo Ran, who is the granddaughter of the former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping; or to Chen Xiaolu, the son of one of China’s most famous marshals, who helped Mao’s Communists to victory in 1949. Those relatives are either current or former owners or directors of those companies, or current or former owners of predecessor firms.
One example is Lin Cong, who owns a small share of the company. Mr. Lin is Mr. Wu’s cousin, the nephew of his mother, Lin Xiangmei, relatives say.
Back at the Hujialou Concentrated Office Zone, one of the Anbang shareholders there, a company called Beijing Bibo Investment Management Company, controls $10.9 billion in Anbang assets. Until Dec. 1, 2014, that stake was ultimately owned by a woman named Wu Xiaoxia, corporate records show. Relatives in Pingyang County say she is very close to Mr. Wu.
She is his sister.
Follow Mike Forsythe on Twitter @PekingMike.
Yufan Huang, Owen Guo and Kiki Zhao contributed research.
See More »
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/florida-hurricane-hermine.html
48

By LES NEUHAUS and LIZETTE ALVAREZSEPT. 1, 2016
SUWANNEE, Fla. — The first hurricane to hit Florida in 11 years, Hermine, made landfall early Friday, touching down as a Category 1 Gulf Coast storm in the northwestern part of the state before weakening and heading to Georgia.
The National Hurricane Center said the storm made landfall at 1:30 a.m. near the tiny town of St. Marks, 30 minutes west of Tallahassee, with winds of 80 miles per hour.
It is now a tropical storm again, but hurricane center warnings remained in effect for parts of Florida, Georgia and up to the Carolinas. A watch was in effect up into New Jersey. The storm, now over South Georgia, is expected to soak that state and the Carolinas today and over the weekend.
As the hurricane swept over St. Marks, it brought with it major storm surges, widespread power losses from Tampa to Tallahassee and beyond, and downed trees. More than 100,000 people were without power in the Tallahassee area, where hundreds of trees were toppled to the ground.
But it was the small coastal cities that bore the brunt of the storm early Friday.
At Cedar Key, a historic Gulf village of 700 people two hours north of Tampa that is popular with tourists, the police chief, Virgil Sandlin, said the town had been “devastated” by the wind, rain and a nine-foot storm surge that coincided with high tide.
Many houses lost walls as the wind pried them loose or trees crashed down, and floodwaters invaded many homes and businesses. City Hall flooded, and the town’s main thoroughfare, Dock Street, was seriously damaged. Cleaning it up, Chief Sandlin said, will require substantial work.
The storm is predicted to gain strength as it approaches Florida.
“I’ve been here 34 years and I’ve never seen anything like that,” he said. “In my view, we got the worst damage. It’s devastating, almost breathtaking to see what wind and water has done compared to some of the other systems that have come through here.”
Some of the businesses looked too badly damaged to repair, he said. “There will be a lot of them that will be fixable, and some of them no,” the chief said.
To the north, in St. Marks, home to 300 people, houses and businesses flooded also as the hurricane came ashore. To the south, in Taylor County, the county administrator, Dustin Kinkle, said the coast had “sustained severe damage.” In Hernando Beach, residents were using boats to evacuate their houses.
The storm had been expected to bring storm surges of three to 12 feet in certain counties and drop as much as 20 inches of rain. The Tampa area received almost two feet of rain in the past few days.
Gov. Rick Scott, who declared emergencies for 51 Florida counties, had urged people from Jacksonville to Tampa to seek shelter and to ensure that their phones were charged and that they had sufficient food, water and medicine. He said 6,000 Florida National Guard troops were ready to respond. Evacuations were ordered in a handful of coastal towns, and shelters were opened across a broad area of northern Florida.
“Remember, remember, remember, we cannot rescue you during a storm,” he said Thursday before the storm. “It’s your job to prepare.”
By Friday morning, it appeared most people had heeded his advice. Few injuries have been reported so far.
In this marshy fishing village, where Gulf Coast waters meet the Suwannee River, almost everyone obeyed the county’s evacuation orders. Businesses and houses, many of them on stilts, were mostly shuttered as the rain pounded their frames.
About 25 miles northwest of Suwannee, in Old Town, the Suwannee Gables Motel and Marina compensated for a wave of holiday weekend cancellations by accommodating waterfront residents scrambling for lodging. At the Lighthouse Restaurant in nearby Gilchrist County, staff members stayed late to feed anyone needing a meal.
Earlier Thursday, in Suwannee, a group of die-hards sat near a convenience store, glasses of cranberry and vodka in their hands, unbowed by the approaching storm. It was their version of a hurricane party.
“There is really no worries for a Category 1 hurricane,” Michael Buie, 56, a contractor and resident, said. “Now, if this was a Cat. 2 or Cat. 3, we wouldn’t be here.” His friend Marvin Shealy, a 73-year-old restaurant owner, added, “This ain’t our first rodeo.”
Though other tropical systems have threatened Florida in recent years, no hurricane has made landfall here since Hurricane Wilma in 2005.
Other states in the Southeast were preparing. “We are working together across multiple agencies throughout North Carolina to make sure we are over-prepared and underwhelmed for this storm,” said Gov. Pat McCrory, who declared emergencies for 33 counties.
Les Neuhaus reported from Suwannee, and Lizette Alvarez from Miami. Alan Blinder contributed reporting from Atlanta.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A10 of the New York edition with the headline: First Hurricane in 11 Years Has Floridians Bracing. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/florida-hurricane-hermine.html
49

By LES NEUHAUS and LIZETTE ALVAREZSEPT. 1, 2016
SUWANNEE, Fla. — The first hurricane to hit Florida in 11 years, Hermine, made landfall early Friday, touching down as a Category 1 Gulf Coast storm in the northwestern part of the state before weakening and heading to Georgia.
The National Hurricane Center said the storm made landfall at 1:30 a.m. near the tiny town of St. Marks, 30 minutes west of Tallahassee, with winds of 80 miles per hour.
It is now a tropical storm again, but hurricane center warnings remained in effect for parts of Florida, Georgia and up to the Carolinas. A watch was in effect up into New Jersey. The storm, now over South Georgia, is expected to soak that state and the Carolinas today and over the weekend.
As the hurricane swept over St. Marks, it brought with it major storm surges, widespread power losses from Tampa to Tallahassee and beyond, and downed trees. More than 100,000 people were without power in the Tallahassee area, where hundreds of trees were toppled to the ground.
But it was the small coastal cities that bore the brunt of the storm early Friday.
At Cedar Key, a historic Gulf village of 700 people two hours north of Tampa that is popular with tourists, the police chief, Virgil Sandlin, said the town had been “devastated” by the wind, rain and a nine-foot storm surge that coincided with high tide.
Many houses lost walls as the wind pried them loose or trees crashed down, and floodwaters invaded many homes and businesses. City Hall flooded, and the town’s main thoroughfare, Dock Street, was seriously damaged. Cleaning it up, Chief Sandlin said, will require substantial work.
The storm is predicted to gain strength as it approaches Florida.
“I’ve been here 34 years and I’ve never seen anything like that,” he said. “In my view, we got the worst damage. It’s devastating, almost breathtaking to see what wind and water has done compared to some of the other systems that have come through here.”
Some of the businesses looked too badly damaged to repair, he said. “There will be a lot of them that will be fixable, and some of them no,” the chief said.
To the north, in St. Marks, home to 300 people, houses and businesses flooded also as the hurricane came ashore. To the south, in Taylor County, the county administrator, Dustin Kinkle, said the coast had “sustained severe damage.” In Hernando Beach, residents were using boats to evacuate their houses.
The storm had been expected to bring storm surges of three to 12 feet in certain counties and drop as much as 20 inches of rain. The Tampa area received almost two feet of rain in the past few days.
Gov. Rick Scott, who declared emergencies for 51 Florida counties, had urged people from Jacksonville to Tampa to seek shelter and to ensure that their phones were charged and that they had sufficient food, water and medicine. He said 6,000 Florida National Guard troops were ready to respond. Evacuations were ordered in a handful of coastal towns, and shelters were opened across a broad area of northern Florida.
“Remember, remember, remember, we cannot rescue you during a storm,” he said Thursday before the storm. “It’s your job to prepare.”
By Friday morning, it appeared most people had heeded his advice. Few injuries have been reported so far.
In this marshy fishing village, where Gulf Coast waters meet the Suwannee River, almost everyone obeyed the county’s evacuation orders. Businesses and houses, many of them on stilts, were mostly shuttered as the rain pounded their frames.
About 25 miles northwest of Suwannee, in Old Town, the Suwannee Gables Motel and Marina compensated for a wave of holiday weekend cancellations by accommodating waterfront residents scrambling for lodging. At the Lighthouse Restaurant in nearby Gilchrist County, staff members stayed late to feed anyone needing a meal.
Earlier Thursday, in Suwannee, a group of die-hards sat near a convenience store, glasses of cranberry and vodka in their hands, unbowed by the approaching storm. It was their version of a hurricane party.
“There is really no worries for a Category 1 hurricane,” Michael Buie, 56, a contractor and resident, said. “Now, if this was a Cat. 2 or Cat. 3, we wouldn’t be here.” His friend Marvin Shealy, a 73-year-old restaurant owner, added, “This ain’t our first rodeo.”
Though other tropical systems have threatened Florida in recent years, no hurricane has made landfall here since Hurricane Wilma in 2005.
Other states in the Southeast were preparing. “We are working together across multiple agencies throughout North Carolina to make sure we are over-prepared and underwhelmed for this storm,” said Gov. Pat McCrory, who declared emergencies for 33 counties.
Les Neuhaus reported from Suwannee, and Lizette Alvarez from Miami. Alan Blinder contributed reporting from Atlanta.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A10 of the New York edition with the headline: First Hurricane in 11 Years Has Floridians Bracing. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html
50

Friday: Hurricane Hermine, activities over Labor Day weekend, and the derechos of 1998.
4h ago
By ALEXANDRA S. LEVINE
While the advent of electronic tolls has reduced the number of human toll takers, women who still do the job in the New York area say they are often subjected to crude behavior by drivers.
5h ago
By SARAH MASLIN NIR
Frank Hussey, a superintendent for Tishman Construction, has worked on four towers in the complex since the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001.
14h ago
By DAVID W. DUNLAP
The first contours of the negative campaign against the mayor are emerging, including a critical ad and a “Stop de Blasio” ballot line, even if no challengers have yet done so.
12h ago
By J. DAVID GOODMAN
Mr. Weiner, facing another scandal over lewd online messages, originally said he had not yet been contacted by the New York City Administration for Children’s Services.
A workspace in Brooklyn provides ample room for glass blowers to create their works.
Matthew Ahn has set a new record for the fastest time to travel to all New York City subway stations – 21 hours, 28 minutes and 14 seconds. We rode along with him for his record-breaking trip.
By NEIL COLLIER and SHANE O’NEILL
The New York Times asked taxi drivers of various nationalities their views about New York City’s recent decision to no longer require an English proficiency exam to obtain a taxi driver license.
By AMY ZERBA
A busy week of fund-raising for Hillary Clinton and multiple rallies for Donald J. Trump.
Sally Warring, a biologist, isn't afraid of getting her hands wet. She collects water samples from New York's murkiest waters and examines the colorful life within them.
By YOUSUR AL-HLOU
An exhibition remembers the Battle of Brooklyn, a conflict of the Revolutionary War in which American forces suffered heavy losses — but saved their general from capture.
Taste the Tropics USA, a West Indian-themed ice cream parlor in Brooklyn, serves ice cream flavors like pineapple, coconut and soursop.
Surveillance footage captured the lead-up to the death of Roberto Rodríguez, a Mexican immigrant who was fatally stabbed in May in the South Bronx.
By ERICA BERENSTEIN and NICOLE FINEMAN
Representative Daniel M. Donovan Jr., who represents Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn, sent a letter to federal Department of Health and Human Services asking whether “the existing federal legal framework is adequate to protect addicts and their families from unscrupulous patient-brokering.”
More than half of renters in New York City are “cost-burdened” and may find it hard to pay for other necessities like food, clothing and medical care.
By MIREYA NAVARRO
Sign up to receive the latest on New York events, arts, sports, dining, style and more, delivered to your inbox every morning.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/01/nyregion/anthony-weiner-who-always-had-something-to-say-goes-silent.html
51

By VIVIAN YEEAUG. 31, 2016
For the first time since before the first time he ruined his own life — not to mention the second time, and the third — Anthony D. Weiner is off Twitter.
This is the Democratic former congressman and repeat candidate for mayor of New York who extinguished his own political career with a series of lewd social media messages to strangers. The human implosion who spent years scrubbing the stains out of his reputation, with regular media appearances and Twitter commentary as the mop. The punch line who has now lost just about everything but his unfortunate name to revelations that he had, once again, exchanged sexually charged Twitter messages with a woman he had never met.
But for Mr. Weiner, there always seemed to be something else to say.
Normally too defiant to lie low, Mr. Weiner has always insisted he had no choice but to stay in the game. But in the wake of his third instance of scandal in five years, friends say he is wholly devastated and uncertain about the future.
His wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, announced their separation on Monday. The Daily News and NY1, two of the media outlets that still offered him a platform for his ideas and his political expertise, have cut ties with him.
Mr. Weiner has been seeing a therapist, according to one friend who spoke to him recently.
To talk about Mr. Weiner is to deal in metaphor and allegory; his problems must always mean something else. Amateur psychoanalysts are, suddenly, everywhere, the way sexting experts were in the days after his 2011 resignation from Congress.
His basic humanity is obscured by the public character he and the New York news media — the world’s biggest, hungriest pack of journalists — jointly conspired to create: Anthony Weiner, loudmouth liberal hero from Brooklyn turned tragic hero of tabloid proportions. He continues to be the easiest of targets.
“It’s sad and a little bit ironic that a guy who understood the intersection of politics and technology and media better than anyone, and exploited it better than anyone to fuel his rise, fell because of it,” said Stu Loeser, a former spokesman for Senator Chuck Schumer and former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Mr. Loeser has known Mr. Weiner since working for Mr. Schumer, Mr. Weiner’s old mentor, in the early 2000s.

“Removing himself from the public conversation, he’s taking himself out of the part of the equation that has proven again and again to be part of his downfall,” Mr. Loeser said.
After two earlier sexting scandals, Mr. Weiner did not vanish from public life. This time, his wife, Ms. Abedin, Hillary Clinton’s top aide, is separating from him.
If giving up his microphone was an attempt by Mr. Weiner to reclaim private citizenship, it may have come too late.
A former public official with a powerful wife who never seemed quite convinced that he belonged out of the spotlight, Mr. Weiner was unreluctantly dragged back into it time after time by a public that refused to avert its eyes from him. (His recent turn as the subject of “Weiner,” the documentary released this year that chronicled the abrupt collapse of his 2013 mayoral bid amid revelations that he had sent sexually charged photos to admirers under the pseudonym “Carlos Danger,” did not help.)
Friends and associates contacted for this article, most of whom asked to remain anonymous because they did not wish to be seen as inflaming the spectacle, said his near silence seemed to reflect an acknowledgment of the depth of the crisis confronting him and his marriage.
Mr. Weiner has told friends that he feels deeply remorseful about the fresh humiliation the documentary dredged up for his wife. And in recent months, as Ms. Abedin shadowed Mrs. Clinton on the presidential campaign trail, Mr. Weiner felt he owed it to his wife to embrace a supporting role. At home with their 4-year-old son, Jordan, Mr. Weiner kept busy cooking the Blue Apron meals Ms. Abedin ordered for them.
“I think one of the blessings, in his mind, of the first scandal was how much time he did get to spend with Jordan,” a person who is friendly with Mr. Weiner said, explaining that if he had remained in Congress, he would have seen his son infrequently. “The time with Jordan — he really seemed to enjoy and thrive on it.”
The latest blast of scandal was especially shattering to Mr. Weiner, three of these people said, because he was what they described as an intensely caring and devoted father to Jordan, who appeared, asleep, in one of the photographs of Mr. Weiner’s crotch.
On Wednesday, The New York Post reported that the city’s Administration for Children’s Services had opened an investigation into Mr. Weiner’s treatment of his son.
Mr. Weiner, in his only comment to The New York Times, said via email, “We haven’t been contacted by A.C.S.” An agency spokeswoman, citing privacy, said it could not comment on whether a case had been opened.
In the documentary, Mr. Weiner explains that his virtual encounters were like a “video game” to him. But several of his friends and associates said Mr. Weiner’s third indiscretion had convinced them that he had an addiction or another clinical disorder, though he has denied as much in the past.
With Mr. Weiner’s every round of self-sabotage, the hallmarks of addiction seem increasingly to apply, though the psychiatrists interviewed for this article emphasized that they could not give a diagnosis for Mr. Weiner without evaluating him in person.
“There’s behavior where you can’t stop what you’re doing, and it makes no sense,” said Dr. Kenneth P. Rosenberg, an addiction psychiatrist and clinical associate professor at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center. “If it crosses over the threshold of causing significant problems for you — personal, occupational, social problems — then in my mind, you’ve earned the diagnosis of addiction.”
Asked by Bloomberg News in January why he continued to use social media, Mr. Weiner portrayed the activity as part of his professional and civic identity.
“I have no choice but to not let it debilitate me,” he said, referring to the scandals. “It also doesn’t make me care any less, or make me think that if I have something clever to say on Twitter I shouldn’t say it, or if I have an idea I shouldn’t espouse it, or if I have a company that needs my help I shouldn’t help, or if someone calls me for advice on how to run for office I shouldn’t sit down with him. I don’t know what my alternative is.”
He repeated the argument as he granted an interview to The New York Times Magazine; appeared on Stephen Colbert’s and Bill Maher’s television shows during the week of the Democratic National Convention, among other television forays; penned columns in The Daily News; and continued to joust and kibitz with reporters, ideological adversaries and random people on Twitter.
Mr. Loeser offered Mr. Weiner, whom he called a “flawed genius,” a flicker of hope that he could find a way to stay engaged: Mr. Weiner’s mastery of liberal crosscurrents and media appetite would make him, in Mr. Loeser’s estimation, a smart person to hire for any organization looking to push a message. (Mr. Weiner has also acted as a consultant for private clients.)
This will be Mr. Weiner’s third stab at addressing a scandal of his own making. The last time, he held a news conference, his wife smiling at his side.
This time, however, there is no public constituency he is obligated to address — only public curiosity, waiting, insatiably, for answers.
A version of this article appears in print on September 1, 2016, on page A22 of the New York edition with the headline: After His Latest Scandal, Weiner Avoids Spotlight. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/01/nyregion/anthony-weiner-who-always-had-something-to-say-goes-silent.html
52

By VIVIAN YEEAUG. 31, 2016
For the first time since before the first time he ruined his own life — not to mention the second time, and the third — Anthony D. Weiner is off Twitter.
This is the Democratic former congressman and repeat candidate for mayor of New York who extinguished his own political career with a series of lewd social media messages to strangers. The human implosion who spent years scrubbing the stains out of his reputation, with regular media appearances and Twitter commentary as the mop. The punch line who has now lost just about everything but his unfortunate name to revelations that he had, once again, exchanged sexually charged Twitter messages with a woman he had never met.
But for Mr. Weiner, there always seemed to be something else to say.
Normally too defiant to lie low, Mr. Weiner has always insisted he had no choice but to stay in the game. But in the wake of his third instance of scandal in five years, friends say he is wholly devastated and uncertain about the future.
His wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, announced their separation on Monday. The Daily News and NY1, two of the media outlets that still offered him a platform for his ideas and his political expertise, have cut ties with him.
Mr. Weiner has been seeing a therapist, according to one friend who spoke to him recently.
To talk about Mr. Weiner is to deal in metaphor and allegory; his problems must always mean something else. Amateur psychoanalysts are, suddenly, everywhere, the way sexting experts were in the days after his 2011 resignation from Congress.
His basic humanity is obscured by the public character he and the New York news media — the world’s biggest, hungriest pack of journalists — jointly conspired to create: Anthony Weiner, loudmouth liberal hero from Brooklyn turned tragic hero of tabloid proportions. He continues to be the easiest of targets.
“It’s sad and a little bit ironic that a guy who understood the intersection of politics and technology and media better than anyone, and exploited it better than anyone to fuel his rise, fell because of it,” said Stu Loeser, a former spokesman for Senator Chuck Schumer and former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Mr. Loeser has known Mr. Weiner since working for Mr. Schumer, Mr. Weiner’s old mentor, in the early 2000s.

“Removing himself from the public conversation, he’s taking himself out of the part of the equation that has proven again and again to be part of his downfall,” Mr. Loeser said.
After two earlier sexting scandals, Mr. Weiner did not vanish from public life. This time, his wife, Ms. Abedin, Hillary Clinton’s top aide, is separating from him.
If giving up his microphone was an attempt by Mr. Weiner to reclaim private citizenship, it may have come too late.
A former public official with a powerful wife who never seemed quite convinced that he belonged out of the spotlight, Mr. Weiner was unreluctantly dragged back into it time after time by a public that refused to avert its eyes from him. (His recent turn as the subject of “Weiner,” the documentary released this year that chronicled the abrupt collapse of his 2013 mayoral bid amid revelations that he had sent sexually charged photos to admirers under the pseudonym “Carlos Danger,” did not help.)
Friends and associates contacted for this article, most of whom asked to remain anonymous because they did not wish to be seen as inflaming the spectacle, said his near silence seemed to reflect an acknowledgment of the depth of the crisis confronting him and his marriage.
Mr. Weiner has told friends that he feels deeply remorseful about the fresh humiliation the documentary dredged up for his wife. And in recent months, as Ms. Abedin shadowed Mrs. Clinton on the presidential campaign trail, Mr. Weiner felt he owed it to his wife to embrace a supporting role. At home with their 4-year-old son, Jordan, Mr. Weiner kept busy cooking the Blue Apron meals Ms. Abedin ordered for them.
“I think one of the blessings, in his mind, of the first scandal was how much time he did get to spend with Jordan,” a person who is friendly with Mr. Weiner said, explaining that if he had remained in Congress, he would have seen his son infrequently. “The time with Jordan — he really seemed to enjoy and thrive on it.”
The latest blast of scandal was especially shattering to Mr. Weiner, three of these people said, because he was what they described as an intensely caring and devoted father to Jordan, who appeared, asleep, in one of the photographs of Mr. Weiner’s crotch.
On Wednesday, The New York Post reported that the city’s Administration for Children’s Services had opened an investigation into Mr. Weiner’s treatment of his son.
Mr. Weiner, in his only comment to The New York Times, said via email, “We haven’t been contacted by A.C.S.” An agency spokeswoman, citing privacy, said it could not comment on whether a case had been opened.
In the documentary, Mr. Weiner explains that his virtual encounters were like a “video game” to him. But several of his friends and associates said Mr. Weiner’s third indiscretion had convinced them that he had an addiction or another clinical disorder, though he has denied as much in the past.
With Mr. Weiner’s every round of self-sabotage, the hallmarks of addiction seem increasingly to apply, though the psychiatrists interviewed for this article emphasized that they could not give a diagnosis for Mr. Weiner without evaluating him in person.
“There’s behavior where you can’t stop what you’re doing, and it makes no sense,” said Dr. Kenneth P. Rosenberg, an addiction psychiatrist and clinical associate professor at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center. “If it crosses over the threshold of causing significant problems for you — personal, occupational, social problems — then in my mind, you’ve earned the diagnosis of addiction.”
Asked by Bloomberg News in January why he continued to use social media, Mr. Weiner portrayed the activity as part of his professional and civic identity.
“I have no choice but to not let it debilitate me,” he said, referring to the scandals. “It also doesn’t make me care any less, or make me think that if I have something clever to say on Twitter I shouldn’t say it, or if I have an idea I shouldn’t espouse it, or if I have a company that needs my help I shouldn’t help, or if someone calls me for advice on how to run for office I shouldn’t sit down with him. I don’t know what my alternative is.”
He repeated the argument as he granted an interview to The New York Times Magazine; appeared on Stephen Colbert’s and Bill Maher’s television shows during the week of the Democratic National Convention, among other television forays; penned columns in The Daily News; and continued to joust and kibitz with reporters, ideological adversaries and random people on Twitter.
Mr. Loeser offered Mr. Weiner, whom he called a “flawed genius,” a flicker of hope that he could find a way to stay engaged: Mr. Weiner’s mastery of liberal crosscurrents and media appetite would make him, in Mr. Loeser’s estimation, a smart person to hire for any organization looking to push a message. (Mr. Weiner has also acted as a consultant for private clients.)
This will be Mr. Weiner’s third stab at addressing a scandal of his own making. The last time, he held a news conference, his wife smiling at his side.
This time, however, there is no public constituency he is obligated to address — only public curiosity, waiting, insatiably, for answers.
A version of this article appears in print on September 1, 2016, on page A22 of the New York edition with the headline: After His Latest Scandal, Weiner Avoids Spotlight. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/nyregion/anthony-weiner-confirms-child-welfare-agency-is-investigating-him.html
53

By VIVIAN YEESEPT. 1, 2016
Anthony D. Weiner confirmed on Thursday that the New York City Administration for Children’s Services has opened an investigation into his treatment of his 4-year-old son, Jordan.
The inquiry comes after Mr. Weiner was embarrassed yet again this week by revelations that he had sent sexually charged messages over social media to a woman he had never met. One message showed his son in a photograph that also included Mr. Weiner’s crotch.
Though The New York Post reported on Wednesday that the child welfare agency had begun looking into the matter, citing anonymous sources, Mr. Weiner told The New York Times the same day that he had not yet been contacted.
On Thursday, however, he said that the agency had left a bare-bones letter about the investigation at his mother’s house.
It was unclear why the agency had sent a letter to his mother’s residence, rather than to him directly. He, too, seemed mystified: “Crazy if you ask me,” he said, adding that he had called the agency to learn more.
To prompt an investigation, a person who has direct knowledge of the allegations of mistreatment must report any concerns to the Statewide Central Register, a state hotline; if the state believes that an inquiry is warranted, it directs the city agency to investigate. By law, the agency must investigate all reports it receives from the state.
Mr. Weiner, a Democrat, once served in Congress and ran for mayor. His political career was destroyed by two previous scandals involving lewd online messages, and he is now separated from his wife and Jordan’s mother, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton. Ms. Abedin announced the separation on Monday.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A17 of the New York edition with the headline: Weiner Confirms City Agency Is Investigating How He Treats His 4-Year-Old Son. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/03/business/samsung-galaxy-note-battery.html
54

By PAUL MOZUR and SU-HYUN LEESEPT. 2, 2016
Residents in South Korea were concerned about their personal devices as well as the image of the company after Samsung recalled more than 2.5 million phones Friday.
HONG KONG — A ubiquitous source of power in most modern technology, lithium-ion batteries keep cellphones, laptops, electric cars and even airplanes running. They are also the source of many problems, with some overheating, catching fire, and even exploding.
In a potentially damaging episode, Samsung, the world’s biggest maker of smartphones, announced on Friday that it would recall its Galaxy Note 7 model, after discovering a flaw in the battery cell that could result in fires. The company will replace 2.5 million phones sent to stores and consumers, in one of the industry’s largest-ever recalls.
The recall puts Samsung, which had been trying to match the success of the Apple iPhone, in a precarious position.
The smartphone industry is grappling with slowing demand and intense competition. Samsung had been regaining swagger with its high-end phone models, like the Note 7, in which the screens appear to spill off the side.
But the battery fires threaten to undermine Samsung’s efforts, giving an edge to Apple. The recall comes just days before Apple is expected to unveil the latest version of its iPhone.
The ultimate scale of the hit to Samsung’s reputation and finances will depend on how quickly the company deals with the issues and how costly they turn out to be. Along with the expense of fixing the phones, Samsung could face lost sales if consumers grow wary of their products.
Samsung said it expected that it would take two weeks to manufacture replacement phones, adding that consumers who had already bought the phones would get replacements before new phones went on sale. The company did not indicate the cost of the recall.

“If you look at previous instances in tech history where there have been recalls, as long as it doesn’t drag on to the point that the company becomes the butt of a joke, then it should be minor,” said Bryan Ma, an analyst at IDC, a technology research firm.
“If it becomes like a Pinto, where you don’t want to buy it because it explodes, that would be a bad situation,” he said, referring to the 1971 Ford car that became famous for erupting in flames after rear-end collisions. “But I think they’ll get past it.”
Samsung said that, so far, 35 battery episodes involving the Note 7 had been registered. Reports of the problem first started to emerge online, as consumers posted photographs and videos of the charred remains of phones they said had burst into flames, usually while being recharged.
In one video, a customer shows a half-melted phone, and explains: “Came home after work, put it to charge for a little bit before I had class, went to put it on my waist, and it caught fire. Yep, brand new phone, not even two weeks old.”
The recall covers 10 countries where the phones have been sold. Samsung said the recall would not affect China, since the models sold there used a battery from a different supplier.
“We acknowledge the inconvenience this may cause in the market, but this is to ensure that Samsung continues to deliver the highest-quality products to our customers,” the company said in a statement. “We are working closely with our partners to ensure the replacement experience is as convenient and efficient as possible.”
The recall signals a major blow to Samsung, which had just started to regain its competitive footing. The company faces pressures across its product line, with Apple on the high end and new Chinese brands on the lower end.
Samsung had been gaining traction with the latest Galaxy phones, which were released last month. The phones’ smooth, tapered edges, which make them more comfortable to hold, have been a hit with consumers.
In the second quarter, Samsung’s global share of the smartphone market rose 5.5 percent to 22.4 percent, while Apple’s fell 15 percent to 11.8 percent, according to IDC. While some of that growth came from its lower-end phones, IDC said that a significant part had also come from new demand for its higher-end phones, which contributed a disproportionate amount of profit.
In a year that Samsung originally warned could be tough, the company has performed surprisingly well. In the most recent second quarter, the company said its operating profit rose 15 percent from a year earlier, to about $7 billion.
Samsung had high expectations for the latest Galaxy phone, which could have helped continue the momentum.
The Note 7 is 5.7 inches from corner to corner, making it a large phone sometimes referred to as a phablet — a combination of phone and tablet. It sells in the United States for about $900 to $1,000 without subsidies from a wireless carrier.
The phones were released just ahead of Apple’s traditional release time in autumn, before the important holiday shopping season. Apple is set to show off its latest iPhone on Sept. 7. With the new iPhone, Apple is expected to make major upgrades to both the hardware and software, as it generally does every two years.
Lithium-ion batteries have been a persistent problem for electronics makers. In 2006, Dell recalled more than four million batteries for its notebook computers.
More recently, battery problems have cropped up with increasing frequency, generally with lower-end gadgets. In America, airline companies began banning hoverboards from flights after it became apparent that some of the products would occasionally burst into flames. There have also been increased reports of e-cigarette batteries spontaneously detonating.
Makers of cheap electronics are not the only ones to have faced battery issues. In 2014, Tesla had to reinforce the area protecting the batteries in its Model S after it became apparent that road debris striking the bottom of the car could cause a fire. And American aviation authorities in 2013 reviewed the design of Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner after a number of incidents involving lithium-ion batteries and the plane’s electrical system.
Analysts, in part, attribute the issues to the low standards and few regulations in the global electronics supply chain that sprawls across China. As smaller Chinese companies have jumped at opportunities to make their own gadgets, some have cut corners, leading to a number of problems, including the occasionally combusting battery.
For Samsung, the recall strikes at the heart of what has long been considered its greatest strength: its management of the supply chain.
Samsung owns the facilities that produce many of the components in its smartphones — including screens, chips and batteries. The system allows it to keep closer tabs on production.
Yet much like Apple, Samsung also manages a large network of suppliers.
That means it must coordinate the production of a high number of parts that come from factories in disparate places run on tight margins. It must also double-check the quality of each product, which can be exceptionally challenging given that production processes are complex and that factories are sometimes known to sacrifice quality for profit.
“What’s surprising is this comes from Samsung, who have such prowess and competence in manufacturing and supply chain,” Mr. Ma of IDC said. “You would think this wouldn’t happen to a company like that, but somehow it slipped through.”
Paul Mozur reported from Hong Kong and Su-Hyun Lee from Seoul, South Korea.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/09/02/world/asia/ap-as-uzbekistan-president.html
55

By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSSEPT. 2, 2016, 10:27 A.M. E.D.T.
MOSCOW — A top Kyrgyz diplomat and an Afghan government official say Uzbekistan is holding a funeral for President Islam Karimov on Saturday.
Uzbek officials have said only that Karimov is gravely ill.
The Afghan official told The Associated Press on Friday that President Ashraf Ghani will attend Karimov's funeral. The Kyrgyz diplomat told the AP the country's prime minister also had been invited to Karimov's funeral.
Karimov, 78, hasn't been seen in public since mid-August, but his government admitted only last weekend that he was ill. His daughter Lola said he had suffered a brain hemorrhage, and a swarm of unofficial reports have placed him close to death or even dead.
Karimov has run an authoritarian government in the Central Asian nation since 1989, and cultivated no apparent successor.
After several days of silence, the government on Friday issued a statement saying: "Dear compatriots, it is with a heavy heart that we inform you that the health of our president has sharply deteriorated in the past 24 hours to reach a critical state, according to the doctors."
The uncertainty over Karimov's health has raised concerns that Uzbekistan could face prolonged infighting among clans over leadership claims, something its Islamic radical movement could exploit. Given the lack of access to the country it's hard to judge how powerful the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan might be, but the group has over the years been affiliated with the Taliban, al-Qaida and the Islamic State group and has sent fighters abroad.
Under the constitution, if the president dies his duties pass temporarily to the head of the senate until an election can be held within three months. However, the head of the Uzbek senate is regarded as unlikely to seek permanent power and Karimov's demise is expected to set off a period of jockeying for political influence.
In any case, the passing of the man who harshly cracked down on opposition would not be likely to lead to an immediate relaxation.
Karimov's death would "mark the end of an era in Uzbekistan, but almost certainly not the pattern of grave human rights abuses. His successor is likely to come from Karimov's closest circle, where dissenting minds have never been tolerated," said Denis Krivosheev, deputy director for Europe and Central Asia at Amnesty International.
Uzbekistan celebrated its Independence Day on Thursday, and it was widely assumed that the government would not break any news until after the festivities. On Friday, indications mounted that the country was preparing for a funeral.
Photographs posted Friday by the respected Central Asian news website Fergana.ru showed what appeared to be undertakers in Karimov's hometown of Samarkand working on a cemetery plot in the graveyard where Karimov's family is buried.
The Samarkand airport announced it would be closed to all flights except specially approved aircraft on Saturday, according to the website of the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration.
In Ankara, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim offered his condolences to the Uzbek people for Karimov's death, though it was not clear how he got the news.
Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the Kremlin had no confirmation that Karimov might be dead.
Uzbek opposition blogger Nadezhda Atayeva said Uzbek authorities appeared to be cracking down on communication channels. Speaking from western France, she said an opposition contact in Uzbekistan told her Friday morning via Skype that government officials had been told to turn off their phones and Internet speeds had slowed sharply.
As he spoke, she said, the signal went dead.
___
Angela Charlton in Paris, Leila Saralayeva in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, Jim Heintz in Moscow and Zeynep Bilginsoy in Istanbul contributed to this report.
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/science/spacex-rocket-explosion.html
56

By KENNETH CHANG, MIKE ISAAC and MATT RICHTELSEPT. 1, 2016
An explosion was seen from the site of a SpaceX rocket at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on Thursday morning.
A spectacular explosion of a SpaceX rocket on Thursday destroyed a $200 million communications satellite that would have extended Facebook’s reach across Africa, dealing a serious setback to Elon Musk, the billionaire who runs the rocket company.
The blast is likely to disrupt NASA’s cargo deliveries to the International Space Station, exposing the risks of the agency’s growing reliance on private companies like SpaceX to carry materials and, soon, astronauts.
The explosion, at Cape Canaveral, Fla., intensified questions about whether Mr. Musk is moving too quickly in his headlong investment in some of the biggest and most complex industries, not just space travel but carmakers and electric utilities.
This is not the first problem Mr. Musk has suffered as he tries to create space travel that is cheap and commonplace. Each of his companies, including Tesla and SolarCity, has hit major stumbling blocks recently. The owner of a Tesla car died in May in a crash using the company’s autopilot software, and SolarCity faces major financial challenges.
“SpaceX is running a punishing schedule,” said Scott Pace, the director of the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University and a former NASA official.
“There is probably some human factor involved here. To what extent was human error part of this? And if so, why? Are you running your people too hard? What are your safety requirements?”
Dr. Pace, said an internal investigation would have to look at the company’s operations as it tried to ramp up the pace of launches.

The company’s president, Gwynne Shotwell, said in a statement, “Our No. 1 priority is to safely and reliably return to flight for our customers, and we will carefully investigate and address this issue.“
The Falcon 9 rocket burst into flames in a violent series of blasts starting at 9:07 a.m., spewing plumes of dark smoke around the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and sending vibrations felt by residents nearby.
The rocket had been set to launch on Saturday, carrying a satellite for Spacecom, an Israeli company.
The explosion was particularly painful news for Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, who is touring Kenya, promoting a program reliant on the satellite, known as Amos-6, with entrepreneurs in the country. He had promised them connectivity.
From Zip2 to OpenAI, a look at the entrepreneur’s many companies.
Just hours after the news of the explosion broke, Mr. Zuckerberg expressed disappointment on his Facebook page “that SpaceX’s launch failure destroyed our satellite,” a swipe at Mr. Musk and his team, who were still trying to figure out what went wrong.
Mr. Musk did not respond publicly to Mr. Zuckerberg. But he posted a brief explanation on Twitter: “Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.”
The Falcon 9, developed by SpaceX with NASA financing, has had previous problems. In June 2015, a rocket carrying NASA cargo to the International Space Station fell apart in-flight when a strut holding a helium bottle snapped, setting off a chain of events that destroyed the rocket moments later. This latest episode is likely to push back the timetable NASA had after hiring SpaceX and Boeing to carry astronauts to the space station by the end of next year.
NASA said it was too soon to say how the explosion would affect its space station operations, asserting that it remained “confident” in its commercial partners. “Today’s incident — while it was not a NASA launch — is a reminder that spaceflight is an incredible challenge, but our partners learn from each success and setback,” the agency said.
SpaceX’s next cargo mission to the space station is scheduled for November.
Coincidentally on Thursday, a report released by NASA’s inspector general, Paul K. Martin, said SpaceX and Boeing were likely to face additional delays in their launch schedules anyway.
Launches with crews will probably not lift off before the second half of 2018, three years later than planned, the inspector general said.
Changes that SpaceX is making to the design of the capsule, to allow landing in water instead of on land, are causing the latest delays, Mr. Martin said. In addition, NASA has been slow in examining safety reviews submitted by the companies, and as a result, late and costly redesigns might be needed, Mr. Martin said.
SpaceX lists about 40 launches of satellites and other cargo on its manifest for commercial companies, NASA and the Air Force.
Space industry experts say that Mr. Musk faces risks in balancing SpaceX’s backlog of contracts — spanning the next few years — without cutting corners to stay on the company’s busy schedule.
“Whenever you have a failure along these lines, you of course face delays, which inevitably sets back some of your commercial and government satellite contracts,” said Marco Cáceres, senior space analyst and director of space studies at The Teal Group, an aerospace research firm. “They have to fight the temptation to keep to a schedule, even if that means setting back their launches into next year.”
SpaceX had hoped for 18 rocket launches this year; so far, eight have occurred. Over all, SpaceX has had 27 successful launches of Falcon 9 rockets.
Every week, we'll bring you stories that capture the wonders of the human body, nature and the cosmos.
An episode like Thursday’s is rare. Jonathan McDowell of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Mass., who tracks rocket history, said the last time such an explosion happened on a Cape Canaveral launchpad, before the ignition of engines for liftoff, was in 1959.
SpaceX is rebuilding a separate launchpad, one of the two formerly used for NASA’s space shuttle missions, for the astronaut launches. That launchpad is scheduled to be ready by the end of the year.
Business analysts were mixed on the effects of the explosion on Mr. Musk’s other investments at a time when he is under considerable financial pressure with the planned merger of Tesla and SolarCity.
Mr. Musk draws vocal admirers and detractors, some of whom are “short” investors betting that Tesla cannot execute on its business plan.
Trip Chowdry, a senior analyst at Global Equities Research who studies Tesla’s performance, described Mr. Musk’s situation as a “double-edged sword.”
“When things work out well, people believe Musk to be a superstar,” Mr. Chowdry said. But when things go wrong like an explosion at a separate company, Tesla investors tend to make more general inferences, too.
“When all is said and done, does it have any impact on Tesla stock? No,” he said. “But events at SpaceX do create headline risk for Tesla stockholders.”
The demise of the satellite, called Amos-6, puts a significant damper on Facebook’s Internet.org initiative, a grand plan spearheaded by Mr. Zuckerberg to provide wireless connectivity to nations across the world that do not otherwise have easy internet access.
In a partnership with Eutelsat, a French satellite provider, Facebook planned to use Amos-6 to offer internet coverage to large parts of sub-Saharan Africa. Along with satellite coverage, Facebook is teaming with local internet providers to offer access, and is also building its own drones — the first of which is named Aquila — to beam internet connectivity down to cities.
Its Internet.org initiative had already sustained a setback when the company’s aggressive overtures were rejected by local regulators in India earlier this year.
On Thursday, Mr. Zuckerberg struck an upbeat tone in his post about the rocket failure, noting that the company has other strategies in the works to expand internet connectivity across the world. Aquila, the Facebook-built drone, he noted, recently undertook its first successful flight in the desert.
Still, the setback will delay Facebook’s ambitious plans and even more ambitious timetable.
Shortly after his SpaceX comments, Mr. Zuckerberg struck a cheerier note by posting some “good news” from the region: A family of baby giraffes was seen on his safari.
A version of this article appears in print on September 2, 2016, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: SpaceX Blast Puts Big Goals Into Question. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/public-editor/the-news-from-trump-changed-the-main-story-was-slow-to-catch-up.html
57

Liz Spayd
THE PUBLIC EDITOR SEPT. 1, 2016
It was a fast-paced day for the team covering politics at The New York Times on Wednesday.
In the late afternoon, Donald J. Trump was playing the diplomat in Mexico City with President Enrique Peña Nieto, standing alongside a state leader and vowing to treat everyone living or residing in the United States with great dignity. “So important,” Trump added.
By that evening, Trump was goosing a rowdy crowd in Phoenix and ensuring that anyone who entered the United States illegally would be subject to deportation, especially the criminals among them.
The problem back in The Times’s newsroom was that its main news story — published online after Trump spoke in Phoenix — captured more of Mexico’s demure Trump than the familiar firebrand who jetted to Arizona.
For many readers, the story looked like a significant misportrayal of events. Anyone coming to the Times site around 11 p.m., over an hour after Trump’s speech began, saw a story that seemed blind to the angry, aggressive rhetoric that Trump delivered to his voting base along the border.
Liam Burke of San Jose, Calif. was among them. “As others have no doubt mentioned, I was surprised to see the lede to this article,” he wrote. “This description of Trump’s speech seems simply false and diminishing of the extreme, off-kilter racist rhetoric he offered. As the paper of record, don’t you feel you have a responsibility to accurately represent the intensity of Trump’s rage and the danger he poses to American values?”
I can see why Burke and others are questioning the piece. They should be. After all, it seemed not to match the Trump they just saw on TV, even though the Times story was posted after the Arizona event.
Here’s the top of the piece:
Donald J. Trump made an audacious attempt on Wednesday to remake his image on the divisive issue of immigration, shelving his plan to deport 11 million undocumented people and suggesting that the United States and Mexico would solve the immigration crisis together.
In a spirited bid for undecided American voters to see him anew, Mr. Trump swept into Mexico City to make overtures to a nation he has repeatedly denigrated, then flew to Phoenix to outline his latest priorities on immigration — a stark turnaround from the “deportation force” and other severe tactics that helped win him the Republican nomination.
This 11 p.m. version made no mention of Trump’s invitation to have individuals join him onstage to share the names of relatives who they said were killed by illegal immigrants. Nor did it refer to Trump’s line that his enforcement priorities would include removing criminals, gang members, security threats, visa overstays and those relying on public welfare or straining the safety net, along with millions of recent illegal arrivals. That doesn’t sound like a stark turnaround from the old Trump.

Several prominent components of the coverage, including a live chat at the top of the homepage, were being quickly updated with the Arizona Trump.
But the main news story was not significantly updated until an hour later, around midnight. By then it captured the more aggressive Trump and delivered a more balanced portrayal of the day.
What happened? Why did the first version seem so off and why wasn’t The Times more transparent about the changes?
I asked Carolyn Ryan, The Times’s political editor, for an explanation. “Trump acted jarringly differently in Phoenix than he did in Mexico, and we scrambled to reflect that, without obscuring the fact that he was backing away from his policy to deport 11 million undocumented immigrants,” she said. “I think readers were eager to see the fiery language and belligerent tone in Phoenix reflected quickly in the story, especially if they had just watched his appearance, and I understand that.”
What that boils down to is: We were moving as fast as we could and the story changed on us.
The flaw in hanging this simply on tight deadlines and fast-changing facts is that many other major news sites managed to hit the mark.
Politico was up not long after the Times article with a piece that said Trump squashed any speculation that he might soften on immigration, “delivering a hawkish, hardline, and true-to-his-roots border platform and vowing that on Day One of his administration, the United States would launch a mammoth deportation program and begin construction of a wall.”
The Washington Post, also posting around the same time, had updated its article to say that hours after leaving Mexico Trump returned to his aggressive tenor on immigration, yelling at the crowd in Arizona and promising to subject illegals to deportation.
The Arizona Republic was up with a similar piece.
Ryan maintains that The Times was on the news too. She said that there has been too much focus on this single piece. Her team, she said, primarily relies on both live discussions and concise briefings on breaking news, and indeed these features dominated the homepage Wednesday night.
“We aggressively update our coverage, minute by minute, through our live chat, which highlights and analyzes political events as they unfold, and our live briefing, which tells readers what they have missed,” she said. “Both are enormously popular with readers, and they have given us a flexible platform to drive real-time coverage in politics.”
Worthwhile point. But I’m not sure that a rolling discussion among staff members and a briefing roundup satisfies the needs of readers landing on the Times site wanting a clear sense of a confusing story. And if all the reporters on the live chat are up on the latest developments, why can’t some of that make it into the main news story?
Here’s my take. I see nothing nefarious or ill-intentioned on the part of any editors or reporters involved in the Trump piece. Everyone was scrambling with late-breaking news across time zones, many moving parts, and both print and web deadlines.
But given the complications of the story — an unpredictable candidate, brutal deadlines — it seems the newsroom was not in position to deliver a strong coverage package. None of the main political writers were on the scene in Mexico City or in Arizona and Patrick Healy, writer of the lead story, drew the short straw of producing both the version for the print edition and for the web. In this instance, Healy would have greatly benefited from being relieved of writing the print story in order to concentrate on the web. That might have given him some extra time to absorb the news in Phoenix and make sense of the changing rhetoric.
All of this may sound like tedious newsroom mechanics, but mistakes can have a genuine impact on The Times’s reputation among readers. In a climate where sinister motives are attached to every word and headline The Times produces, looking squarely at such episodes is a step worth taking.
Follow the public editor on Twitter @spaydl and reach her by email at public@nytimes.com.
See More »
View More Trending Stories »
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/02/us/texas-summer-mummers-theater.html
58

On the Ground
By MANNY FERNANDEZ SEPT. 2, 2016
MIDLAND, Tex. — It was early in the show when members of the audience grabbed fistfuls of popcorn and threw them toward the stage. They chucked more popcorn as the evening went on, onto the floor of the crowded downtown theater, up in the air and at the people around me. The behavior was not only expected, but encouraged.
On Friday and Saturday nights in the summer, Midland sets its West Texas manners aside.
This is when thousands of people pack the Yucca Theater each summer for a raunchy, corny vaudeville-and-dancing melodrama during which members of the audience boo, cheer and toss popcorn at the stage and at one another. It is a 67-year-old Midland tradition called Summer Mummers, and it has quietly become one of the rowdiest and messiest experiences in American theater. Buttery popcorn is sold, thrown and occasionally eaten in bulk — in grocery store paper bags cut in half. The organizers claim Summer Mummers sells more popcorn in its annual three-month run than any local movie theater sells in an entire year. This summer, popcorn sales were expected to hit $110,000.
Thousands of people pack the Yucca Theater in Midland, Tex., every summer on Fridays and Saturdays for a rowdy evening filled with popcorn throwing. The 67-year-old tradition is called Summer Mummers.
Midland is a conservative oil town with a button-down business culture, the kind of proper place that is the hometown of both former President George W. Bush and the former first lady, Laura Bush. That is why, in the middle of the show, I looked around slack-jawed: Adults were dumping bags of popcorn on the heads of friends and strangers, the way football players pour Gatorade on coaches.
They were in their 20s and their 60s, sober and not so much, first-time popcorn-tossers like me and seasoned pros like Ashley Frennier, a secretary from nearby Odessa, who pulled open my shirt and threw popcorn down my chest. Her table had a stockpile of bags, so I backed away.
The actors must have been thankful the audience was no longer allowed to toss peanuts, as they had been when Summer Mummers first started in 1949. Popcorn was $5 a bag, but most people bought it by the tray, paying $20 for a four-bag tray. Plastic lids on some of the cups kept the popcorn out of the beverages, and an umbrella hat on the head of the band leader, Mike Sherrod, 58, tried but mostly failed to deflect it off the keys of his piano.
Midland Community Theater produces Summer Mummers as an annual volunteer-run fund-raiser, and on a recent Saturday the show was called “Midland’s Master Munchie Maker, or Are You Gonna Eat That?” It was a variety show with toilet-humor gags, dance numbers, men in drag and a low-budget “Moviola,” a black-and-white film with local actors and sets. I had more fun tossing popcorn at Terry Cargile, 56, a Midland businessman who was behind me.
“I think it’s just a way to get the community to blow off steam during the summer,” he said.
When the lights came up, a woman was in tears. Her ring slid off her finger as she threw popcorn, a common Summer Mummers occurrence. The theater looked like Orville Redenbacher had a huge fit: The popcorn was ankle-deep in places. A cleanup crew used rakes and industrial-strength vacuum cleaners to clear the aisles. I joined the ring search. Using flashlights, we sifted the stuff with our hands and feet.
Suddenly, a worker steering a vacuum, Charles Griffith, 28, shouted “Hey!” and held up the ring. There wasn’t a dry eye in the place.
Manny Fernandez has been a reporter for The New York Times since 2005. He has been based in Texas since 2011 and lives in Houston. Follow him @mannyNYT on Twitter.


