Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/health/index.html
1
Advertisement
The analysis adds to substantial evidence that Zika infections — even asymptomatic ones — may bring on a paralysis called Guillain-Barré syndrome.
21h ago
By CATHERINE SAINT LOUIS
Florida announced on Thursday that for the first time mosquitoes in Miami Beach had tested positive for the virus, showing the virus was still active in the area.
40m ago
By SABRINA TAVERNISE
Paul Mason, once known by the dismaying title of the world’s fattest man, had the second of two surgeries to eliminate the excess skin enveloping his body.
9h ago
By SARAH LYALL
Prices for the most popular plans in 18 states are rising by 11 percent, doubling last year’s increase, according to a new analysis.
13h ago
By MARGOT SANGER-KATZ
The sharp decline in American teenage pregnancy rates in recent years was a result of the increased use of contraceptives, a new study concludes.
By NICHOLAS BAKALAR
About 8.4 percent of Americans interviewed in a study had depression, but of those, only 28.7 percent had received any treatment.
By NICHOLAS BAKALAR
Dr. Browne, the syndicated radio and television therapist, dispensed advice, earnest inspiration and gentle goading for nearly four decades.
By SAM ROBERTS
Officials said that fewer than 1 percent of samples taken had elevated lead levels. But a review of how the tests were conducted raises questions about the accuracy of the results.
By KATE TAYLOR
While keeping a close eye on Florida, the agency said there would be no money to fight a new outbreak if Congress does not allocate more soon.
Onerous, unnecessary requirements on doctors and patients serve one purpose: to limit a woman’s right to choose.
By USHMA D. UPADHYAY
Beijing allows only married couples to undergo fertility treatments, so many single women are looking abroad to give themselves more time to have children.
By CAROLYN ZHANG
With 82 confirmed cases as of Tuesday and thousands of premises to be inspected, health authorities said they will likely find more infections.
By WEIYI LIM
People with food allergies hope to never use an EpiPen, but sometimes we don’t have a choice.
By ALI JAFFE
Moving to address complaints about the program, the state’s Health Department is making substantial changes aimed at easing access to the drug.
By JESSE McKINLEY and CATHERINE SAINT LOUIS
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/sports/index.html
2
Tatyana McFadden, right, and her sister Hannah, left, of Clarksville, Md., will compete in the Rio Paralympics, which begin next week.
Tatyana McFadden, who with her mother has fought for students with disabilities to participate in sports, could leave the Rio Paralympics with seven gold medals.
The roof at Arthur Ashe Stadium was closed on Thursday morning because of the rain. There have been complaints about the noise in Ashe, even when the roof is open.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Thursday.
Jared Donaldson, 19, who spent over two years in Buenos Aires learning the fine art of topspin, is looking for another U.S. Open upset on Thursday, against No. 32 Viktor Troicki.
Franz Beckenbauer was head of the organizing committee for Germany’s successful bid for the 2006 World Cup.
Beckenbauer is one of four top German soccer officials under investigation for fraud and other criminal offenses related to Germany’s bid to host the 2006 World Cup.
Jets quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick throwing at camp in Florham Park, N.J., last month before the backups Christian Hackenberg (5), Bryce Petty (9) and Geno Smith.
A rare but risky call that could pay off later, the Jets faced a similar situation in 2008 under Eric Mangini.
The league said it found “no credible evidence” that the players were provided with performance-enhancing drugs, as claimed by a pharmacist.
Lawyers for the estate of the former running back Cookie Gilchrist have asked the Supreme Court to hear an appeal to alter the landmark deal between the league and its retired players.
Dellin Betances pitching in the 13th inning against the Royals. The Yankees brought out every relief pitcher except Tyler Clippard.
The team used all but one of its relievers in a 13-inning victory, winning the series and creeping closer to a wild-card berth.
Kelly Johnson hit a bases-clearing double in the eighth inning, sealing the win; the Mets said Walker would most likely have season-ending back surgery.
Grigor Dimitrov during his first-round win at the United States Open. Dani Vallverdu, sitting front right, has been Dimitrov’s coach since Wimbledon.
Tennis players preparing for major tournaments rely on their coaches along the lonely road of competition.
The retractable roof over Arthur Ashe Stadium was closed during a match for the first time as rain started falling while Rafael Nadal and Andreas Seppi were playing.
Three young French players seeded at the United States Open — Benoit Paire, Kristina Mladenovic and Caroline Garcia — have all been provisionally suspended by the French tennis federation.
The Flyers’ Pierre-Eduoard Bellemare will play for France as it seeks one of three final berths.
Thanks to a scheduling change, players like the Flyers’ Pierre-Eduoard Bellemare, a Frenchman, can play for their countries in final qualifying tournaments.
Nikata, a 115-foot, all-carbon, custom performance superyacht, is racing in the Maxi Yacht Rolex Cup in Sardinia next week. Superyachts like this one are often referred to as small cities.
The market for superyachts seems as strong as ever despite tough financial times, but there are signs of a possible dip.
While high-level sports are a type of entertainment, few other forms of mass-consumed entertainment have the anthem ingrained into every performance.
Major League Baseball, the N.F.L. and the N.B.A. announce their schedules only months before their seasons start. Arizona and Nebraska have scheduled a game for 2031.
Caslavska won seven Olympics gold medals as a gymnast in the 1960s. Her public opposition to the Soviet invasion of her homeland, Czechoslovakia, ended her competitive career.
Mr. Fuji, whose signature move was hurling a handful of salt into opponents’ eyes, won several tag-team titles with Professor Toru Tanaka.
He might be the most entertaining tennis player since John McEnroe. Too bad he’d rather be playing basketball.
A quarterback makes a statement on racial justice, playing for a city that is getting richer and whiter every day.
I’m just an athlete with a disability. Is that enough?
For a different view of sports, follow @nytimessports on Instagram.
Murray has established himself as the most consistent player of the moment with a second Wimbledon title, a second Olympic gold medal and a recent 22-match winning streak.
Deemed surplus by their clubs, players like Mario Balotelli, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Joe Hart find their high salaries are making it hard to move on.
Harrison lost in the first round, but after seven operations before age 22, he had plenty to smile about.
Can Jordan Morris be the first great American goal scorer to star abroad? O.K., next question?
The stadium, the main court of the United States Open, wasn’t built to bear the extra weight of a roof, so an engineer and an architect approached it from the soil up.
This year, there are two Grandstands at the National Tennis Center. One is flashy and holds 8,125 spectators; the other is a gritty shoe box.
The continent has skilled players, but a lack of resources and opportunities, including access to top competition, keeps them from breaking through.
Frances Tiafoe, an 18-year-old American ranked No. 125, took the first two sets from John Isner before losing in five at the United States Open.
Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, with distinctive takes on games and some behind-the-scenes surprises, delivered to your inbox every week.
For the latest news, analysis and journalists' perspectives. Twitter list of staff journalists »
FOLLOW
WORLD
Feyisa Lilesa, a runner from Ethiopia, caught the world’s attention Sunday when, at the finish line of the Olympic marathon, he raised his arms in solidarity with the Oromo people in his country. Jeffrey Gettleman, East African bureau chief, weighs in on the symbol of defiance and why Mr. Lilesa fears he can't return home.
Olympic Marathoner’s Symbol of Protest
Russian Athletes React to Paralympics Ban
The Power of Gold
3 Rio Officials on Ryan Lochte’s Apology
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/sports/international/index.html
3
Franz Beckenbauer was head of the organizing committee for Germany’s successful bid for the 2006 World Cup.
Beckenbauer is one of four top German soccer officials under investigation for fraud and other criminal offenses related to Germany’s bid to host the 2006 World Cup.
It’s not the trophies that motivate sailors racing at the Maxi Yacht Rolex Cup next week in Sardinia.
Environmental concerns are bringing change to the luxury-boat sector.
The market for superyachts seems as strong as ever despite tough financial times, but there are signs of a possible dip.
Jared Donaldson, 19, who spent over two years in Buenos Aires learning the fine art of topspin, is looking for another U.S. Open upset on Thursday, against No. 32 Viktor Troicki.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Wednesday.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Tuesday.
Lewis Hamilton climbed onto the podium from the 21st position in the grid, keeping his lead over his Mercedes teammate in the series.
The flyhalf made a couple of good kicks that briefly hampered the All Blacks, but there was not the sidestep that has torn defenses open before.
The countries are meeting in the opening match of the final round of Asian qualifications for the 2018 World Cup. They have met 30 times, and China has won only once.
Deemed surplus by their clubs, players like Mario Balotelli, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Joe Hart find their high salaries are making it hard to move on.
On Sunday, Leipzig will play its first game in Germany’s top league, but detractors see the team as just another Red Bull marketing venture.
The continent has skilled players, but a lack of resources and opportunities, including access to top competition, keeps them from breaking through.
Ending the dominance of Djokovic, Federer, Nadal and Murray requires mental adjustments by the rank and file, says Carlos Moyá, who coaches No. 6 Milos Raonic.
In the span of a week, Puig went from a little-known tennis player to a hero, with the island’s first gold medal around her neck at age 22.
Roberta Vinci, in the role of spoiler, catapulted her way into a spot in last year’s United States Open final, but such breakout runs can be hard to repeat.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/arts/index.html
4
Advertisement
NBC, Fox and ABC, dogged by cable, are gambling this season on outside-the-box comedies and quirky niche shows.
10h ago
By BROOKS BARNES
Dozens of plaster casts, many among the finest examples of their kind, have found a home at the Institute of Classical Architecture & Art in Manhattan.
6h ago
By JANE MARGOLIES
The show “Taxidermy: Art, Science & Immortality” at the Morbid Anatomy Museum in Brooklyn offers a cat tableau by the Victorian Walter Potter.
54m ago
By JENNIFER SCHUESSLER
This collection of reminiscences from John le Carré — a pseudonym for David Cornwell — offers glimpses of the author, and former spy, over the years.
2h ago
By MICHIKO KAKUTANI
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines, and VH1 Save the Music hosts a benefit.
By DENNY LEE
“Chandu” (1932), adapted from a nightly radio broadcast, anticipated the superhero Dr. Strange; “Stranger” (1940) stars Peter Lorre in an atmospheric B-movie.
By J. HOBERMAN
At the New Museum, children can learn about collecting, decorate bears and pose with them, creating photos like those in the exhibition “The Keeper.”
By LAUREL GRAEBER
A handful of summer genre films, including “Don’t Breathe,” “Hands of Stone” and “Blood Father,” were directed in English by young, foreign-born directors.
By NICOLAS RAPOLD
The Tony-winning Broadway producer will oversee theater, food and fashion projects at the Westfield malls.
By ANDREW R. CHOW
Mr. Chan will join the film editor Anne V. Coates, the documentarian Frederick Wiseman and the casting director Lynn Stalmaster in being honored at the Governors Awards.
By BROOKS BARNES
UrbanGlass in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, gives glass blowers access to the space and expensive equipment they need to practice their craft.
By GLORIA DAWSON
Women are increasingly taking over a stubbornly male preserve in front of orchestras.
By MICHAEL COOPER
“Dancer,” a documentary by Steven Cantor, depicts the contradictions and anomalies that have made Mr. Polunin a controversial figure in the ballet world.
By ROSLYN SULCAS
Michael Fassbender and Alicia Vikander play an Australian couple who long for a child — and happen to find one — in this post-World War I romance.
By STEPHEN HOLDEN
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/arts/international/index.html
5
Advertisement
Each year, some of the most anticipated films of the fall season are rolled out in Venice alongside small, often obscure debuts.
1d ago
By NICOLAS RAPOLD
Across Mexico, fans mourned and celebrated the singer who for years provided the soundtrack for their joyous occasions and their heartbreaks.
August 29, 2016
By KIRK SEMPLE and ELISABETH MALKIN
Mr. Wilder doesn’t have many comedy descendants. He was too much of an original to copy.
1d ago
By WESLEY MORRIS
These four film shorts, each by a different director, evoke aspects of a brilliant art historian and essayist living in the French Alps.
1d ago
By GLENN KENNY
A mix of classical-music lovers gathered for concerts and classes at the Dartington International Summer School and Festival in Devon, England.
By MICHAEL WHITE
The chairwoman and vice chairwoman of the board resigned last week after criticizing the museum’s director, Holly Block.
By ROBIN POGREBIN
Netflix announced Wednesday that its breakout show would return next year, as “Stranger Things 2,” with writers and creators Matt and Ross Duffer.
By JOHN KOBLIN
As the centennial of Mr. Dahl’s birth approaches, the estate of the “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” author is developing at least 23 projects based on his works.
By MICHAEL PAULSON
A prolific singer and songwriter, he was nominated for six Grammys and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
By JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH
Hear the tracks that caught our pop critics’ attention, from De La Soul to Sharon Van Etten.
By JON PARELES, JON CARAMANICA and NATE CHINEN
Tony Hendra, a Lampoon writer and contributor to many of its best-selling recordings, is involved with this one, “Are There Any Triggers Here Tonight?”
By DAVE ITZKOFF
Tracing Mr. Van Gelder’s imprint on recordings like Coltrane’s “Moment’s Notice” or the Miles Davis Quintet’s “If I Were a Bell,” among others.
By NATE CHINEN
Arts events around the world, from Hiroshima, Japan, to Kampala, Uganda.
Compiled by CHRISTOPHER D. SHEA
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html
6
Advertisement
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines, and VH1 Save the Music hosts a benefit.
11m ago
By DENNY LEE
Also, how to deal with a fiancé’s bad behavior at a wedding and more.
2h ago
By PHILIP GALANES
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
12h ago
By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI
Expect more disruption in the men’s wear world as the designer known for his high romance enters the big leagues.
15h ago
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines, and VH1 Save the Music hosts a benefit.
By DENNY LEE
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines; VH1 Save the Music hosts its “Hamptons Live” benefit.
By DENNY LEE
Classic American brands and runway designers alike introduce variations on the toggle coat for fall.
The stars of Crystal Moselle’s new short film for Miu Miu are six female skaters (and best friends), who took T along for a ride.
Bold and creative fashion was out in force at the music festival in Brooklyn.
In a rush of nostalgia, four girls of the ’90s stroll through the shiny new Westfield mall.
By KATHERINE BERNARD
The night’s biggest after-parties were hosted by Republic Records, DJ Khaled and, yes, Rihanna.
By BEN DETRICK
Here, the beauty faves she has in her #nyfw makeup bag.
By BEE SHAPIRO
Elie Tahari’s campaign, “Madam President,” isn’t the first time a fashion brand has depicted a female in the Oval Office but these days, context is everything.
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
It’s time to surrender your sneakers for some striking updates on three classic styles.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/style/international/index.html
7
Advertisement
Expect more disruption in the men’s wear world as the designer known for his high romance enters the big leagues.
15h ago
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
12h ago
By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI
Peter Lindbergh reflects on his four-decade career, and shares images never published before their inclusion in his weighty upcoming book.
1d ago
By ALEXANDRIA SYMONDS
Bold and creative fashion was out in force at the music festival in Brooklyn.
1d ago
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines; VH1 Save the Music hosts its “Hamptons Live” benefit.
By DENNY LEE
What you need: Some great new jeans and smart workout wear, among other things.
By ERICA M. BLUMENTHAL
The night’s biggest after-parties were hosted by Republic Records, DJ Khaled and, yes, Rihanna.
By BEN DETRICK
Updating: Beyoncé; Nicki Minaj; Kim Kardashian West; and Kanye West and more fashion from one of the music industry’s biggest award shows.
Last week’s parties included celebrating the National Park Service’s 100th birthday, saving Saint Sava church, and the 17th annual Taste of Tennis.
With 2,400 miles between them, a romance between Stephanie Stebich and Anne-Imelda Radice, both museum directors, seemed out of reach. The couple were married on Aug. 14 in Plainfield, Mass.
Selections from a digital diary of the city’s streets.
By GUY TREBAY
“I was so strong in my thinking and my way of seeing fashion,” the designer once said. “I knew exactly what I wanted. I said to myself, ‘I have no limits.’”
The cunning sculptor has been making public art for two decades.
We’re living in a post-normcore world. Here’s what it looks like.
By ERICA M. BLUMENTHAL
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/dining/index.html
8
Vegetable stews share the menu with less traditional dishes, like eggs and lox on injera, a crepe-like flatbread.
The newest meatless burgers aren’t obligatory additions to menus. They’re the stars.
The most bulletproof of restaurants is the work of a man who sweats the details but not the criticism.
The cheesy classic Los Angeles sandwich gets the treatment it deserves with or without the meat.
The markets are still teeming with glorious summer vegetables. But the changing weather demands something a little different.
Returning from vacation with a few no-recipe recipes in mind.
This riff on elote, the Mexican street snack, makes for excellent barbecue fare.
Halal food is big business in China. But to the Hui, a Muslim ethnic minority, a social pact may come before profit in the placement of halal noodle shops.
When the owners of a vegan restaurant chain announced that they had begun eating meat, it did not sit well with their customers.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
This fig tart looks like the handiwork of a professional chef, but it isn’t hard to put together.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
On Mount Etna, Frank Cornelissen has learned the difference between making wine and making good wine for the ages.
Readers tell of dishes that remind them where they came from.
The chef is opening a hotel aerie in Williamsburg, a new Orwashers bakery expands to the Upper West Side, and more restaurant news.
The author Tama Matsuoka Wong and the restaurateur Claus Meyer are offering a series of foraging classes.
These sweets, from L.A. Burdick Handmade Chocolates, come in five flavors.
Salty water from the sea is now available for boiling at home.
The evening to salute the late chef, at Chelsea Piers, will raise money for a new scholarship at the Culinary Institute of America.
The crepe known as tapioca is now available at Oca in NoLIta.
Cocktail Kingdom is now selling elegant reproductions of 19th-century punch bowls, ladles and glasses from the author David Wondrich’s collection.
From left: a white pomegranate; a salad of pickled cholla buds and tepary beans at Janos Wilder’s restaurant Downtown Kitchen and Cocktails; a drink made of prickly pears and white peaches.
Named a culinary capital by Unesco, the city has a long history of wringing plenty from a desert.
Tapping sales of a dish that hails from hard-hit Amatrice, Italy.
A nephew of Colonel Sanders may have shown a reporter a list of the proprietary blend of 11 herbs and spices for the famous fried chicken.
Taste the Tropics USA, a West Indian-themed ice cream parlor in Brooklyn that opened in the 1970s, serves ice cream flavors like pineapple, coconut, soursop and even a beer-based option: Guinness.
A restaurant for Russian and Jewish specialties, a temple to Japanese udon noodles, and more food news.
Taking their lead from the airlines, hotels and resorts are raising add-on fees to record levels.
At Pike Place Market, fresh fish may fly 20 feet or more before they drop into the waiting hands of a fishmonger.
A stand beneath Columbus Circle specializes in savory pockets called salteñas.
At 22, the restaurant is safely reassuring, but acts of imagination keep it vital.
The pioneering East Village cocktail den celebrates its 10th anniversary by planning a hotel bar in Colorado and fine-tuning its bar menu in New York.
The chef Tom Colicchio will shutter his restaurant on the edge of the meatpacking district on Sept. 4.
In a new book, a Brooklyn couple explore the practical but hard-to-love cuisine of the 1930s.
The show, which originated in a London pie shop in 2014, will arrive at the Barrow Street Theater in February.
A veteran chef forages, researches and cooks as part of a larger movement to revitalize indigenous food traditions.
In Yorkville, beer-hall food is on the menu in a lofty room with herringbone floors from grander days.
The holiday Raksha Bandhan makes for brisk business at Raja Sweets, a prominent Indian bakery in town.
Sam Beall’s death cast his widow, Mary Celeste Beall, in an unimagined role, as the head of the Blackberry Farm resort and a leader in the elevation of hyper-local Southern cuisine.
Mr. Richard, a pastry chef by training, brought a playful, French twist to his food, and headed some of the United States’ most beloved restaurants.
In his recipes for home cooks, the chef struck a balance between taste and health.
With quail and crayfish in the backyard, a Brooklyn restaurant isn’t quite as simple as it looks.
Tahini ranch dressing.
The same tangy, creamy, turbocharged flavor of the bottled stuff, sans animal fat.
Add roasted eggplant, cherry tomatoes and Romano beans to transform this creamier version of mozzarella into a meal.
The quest to make a bagel in San Francisco rivaling New York’s best annihilates a stand mixer (twice) and an ego.
Even less-than-perfect peaches can be wonderful with the heat of the oven, a bit of sugar or a swirl through a river of freshly whipped cream.
The challenge of cooking when temperatures spike is to devise menus that rely less on the oven and stovetop.
Banish soggy vegetables and a sorry topping.
Garlicky grits, slices of avocado and a velvety gravy combine to make a dish that is as deeply satisfying as it is simple.
Marinate boneless chicken thighs with loads of garlic, lemon and fresh za’atar for a quick weeknight meal.
A salad is only as good as its raw ingredients. Here’s what to look for at the market.
Anchovies, yes anchovies, are a perfect pairing, providing a meaty, savory umami to tomatoes in a tart, on pasta or on the grill.
Master these simple sauces, which offer maximum flavor for minimum effort.
Drinks that fell out of fashion as the epitome of kitsch are being revived as joyfully composed craft cocktails.
American brewers have taken up the dark art of sour beers. Results are mixed, but the best indicate a promising future.
The owners of the San Francisco tiki bar Smuggler’s Cove set out to define an aesthetic built on leis and umbrellas.
Organically produced reds from southeast Sicily can be every bit as beautiful as the fashionable wines of Mount Etna.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
A small family winery runs afoul of zoning rules, and apparently compromise is not an option.
This white wine from Galicia in northwestern Spain went quickly from unknown to taken for granted. What are the best ones like?
Reproductions of 19th-century punchware for entertaining, and more news from Florence Fabricant.
We’d love to hear about the dishes and traditions at your Thanksgiving celebration, and how they reflect your family’s roots and travels.
Follow us to find all the food that’s fit to cook, snap and eat.
A library of more than 50 videos demonstrating simple skills that home cooks should master.
Find your favorite recipes on our Pinterest boards.
Interactive map of health violations at restaurants in New York
Despite its name, Frenchie’s accent is as British as it is French.
Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations.
Go to Cooking »
FOOD
This summer cookout classic gets the street-food treatment, with the addition of chile, lime, mayo and cheese.
Grilled Corn with Cheese, Lime and Chile
Burrata With Romano Beans and Eggplant
Summer Vegetable Gratin
Middle Eastern Herb Chicken
Get regular updates from The New York Times Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice. And download Cooking for iPhone and iPad in the App Store.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/dining/international/index.html
9
At 77, the restaurateur Michael Chow has not slowed down.
The most bulletproof of restaurants is the work of a man who sweats the details but not the criticism.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
Halal food is big business in China. But to the Hui, a Muslim ethnic minority, a social pact may come before profit in the placement of halal noodle shops.
Named a culinary capital by Unesco, the city has a long history of wringing plenty from a desert.
The quest to make a bagel in San Francisco rivaling New York’s best annihilates a stand mixer (twice) and an ego.
Tapping sales of a dish that hails from hard-hit Amatrice, Italy.
The veggie burger at the NoMad Bar on Broadway uses grains, fresh vegetables, quinoa and lentils, “to replace the texture of meat,” the chef Daniel Humm said, with eggs, cream cheese and Dijon mustard to hold it together.
The newest meatless burgers aren’t obligatory additions to menus. They’re the stars.
Readers tell of dishes that remind them where they came from.
Even less-than-perfect peaches can be wonderful with the heat of the oven, a bit of sugar or a swirl through a river of freshly whipped cream.
The holiday Raksha Bandhan makes for brisk business at Raja Sweets, a prominent Indian bakery in town.
Mr. Nicholson, with the chef Edna Lewis, served Southern cuisine in Manhattan to the likes of Frank Sinatra, Gore Vidal and Tennessee Williams.
Astronauts need lightweight, long-lasting provisions for hazardous trips. So did the Incas, and villagers in the Andes have made their version for centuries.
Mirai Konishi’s light documentary focuses on brewery experts and others who have devoted their lives to this complex rice-based beverage.
Rumi Spice, started by Army veterans, is part of efforts to help develop Afghanistan’s resource economy.
Bottles of fizzy Topo Chico are a favorite in restaurants, bars and stores, even though marketing is minimal.
Frank Cornelissen in his vineyard on Sicily’s Mount Etna.
On Mount Etna, Frank Cornelissen has learned the difference between making wine and making good wine for the ages.
American brewers have taken up the dark art of sour beers. Results are mixed, but the best indicate a promising future.
The owners of the San Francisco tiki bar Smuggler’s Cove set out to define an aesthetic built on leis and umbrellas.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
Organically produced reds from southeast Sicily can be every bit as beautiful as the fashionable wines of Mount Etna.
A small family winery runs afoul of zoning rules, and apparently compromise is not an option.
Vegetable stews share the menu with less traditional dishes, like eggs and lox on injera, a crepe-like flatbread.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
At 22, the restaurant is safely reassuring, but acts of imagination keep it vital.
With quail and crayfish in the backyard, a Brooklyn restaurant isn’t quite as simple as it looks.
Reproductions of 19th-century punchware for entertaining, and more news from Florence Fabricant.
This white wine from Galicia in northwestern Spain went quickly from unknown to taken for granted. What are the best ones like?
Great fried chicken has a shatteringly crisp crust and luscious interior. Our guide will help you master this summer classic.
This summer cookout classic gets the street-food treatment, with the addition of chile, lime, mayo and cheese.
The markets are still teeming with glorious summer vegetables. But the changing weather demands something a little different.
This fig tart looks like the handiwork of a professional chef, but it isn’t hard to put together.
The same tangy, creamy, turbocharged flavor of the bottled stuff, sans animal fat.
The challenge of cooking when temperatures spike is to devise menus that rely less on the oven and stovetop.
Garlicky grits, slices of avocado and a velvety gravy combine to make a dish that is as deeply satisfying as it is simple.
Marinate boneless chicken thighs with loads of garlic, lemon and fresh za’atar for a quick weeknight meal.
A salad is only as good as its raw ingredients. Here’s what to look for at the market.
Anchovies, yes anchovies, are a perfect pairing, providing a meaty, savory umami to tomatoes in a tart, on pasta or on the grill.
Control the flame, and don’t shun the skin.
There’s a trick to making this light, versatile classic.
At Pike Place Market, fresh fish may fly 20 feet or more before they drop into the waiting hands of a fishmonger.
The pioneering East Village cocktail den celebrates its 10th anniversary by planning a hotel bar in Colorado and fine-tuning its bar menu in New York.
Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/magazine/index.html
10
Advertisement
Oliver Stone wanted a hit — and the chance to put America’s most iconic dissident onscreen. The subject wanted veto power. The Russian lawyer wanted someone to option the novel he’d written. The American lawyer just wanted the whole insane project to go away. Somehow a film got made.
By IRINA ALEKSANDER
Why Berhanu Nega traded a tenured position for the chance to lead a revolutionary force against an oppressive regime.
By JOSHUA HAMMER
A home is something both looked at and lived in, but that duality can be difficult to reconcile.
By RACHEL CUSK
The cheesy classic Los Angeles sandwich gets the treatment it deserves with or without the meat.
By SAM SIFTON
Readers respond.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
By KYLE DARGAN
From Las Vegas to Los Angeles, thanks to several strangers.
As told to DANIEL KRIEGER
Be unpredictable. Keep things consensual.
By MALIA WOLLAN
Unless you’re trying to wash away the pain of a heart-wrenching breakup and you’re also in a movie, please stand up.
By JOHN HODGMAN
Classic American brands and runway designers alike introduce variations on the toggle coat for fall.
From Bergdorf Goodman's new ground-floor renovation to Balenciaga at Dover Street Market, the retail news to know.
By KRISTEN BATEMAN
A new site-specific work wraps Philip Johnson’s Glass House in Connecticut in Yayoi Kusama’s signature bright spots.
By ALEXANDRIA SYMONDS
Inside (and outside) the 87-year-old artist’s installation at Philip Johnson’s Glass House in New Canaan, Conn.
Kelly Behun’s new capsule collection for Barneys will be unveiled at a gallery-like pop-up shop beginning Sept. 8.
By ALAINNA LEXIE BEDDIE
Irina Aleksander on Oliver Stone's film about America's most iconic dissident, Rachel Cusk on the duality of a home as something looked at and lived in, Joshua Hammer on the Bucknell professor who became the commander of an Ethiopian rebel army and more.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/realestate/index.html
11
Riverside is really two Greenwich, Conn., neighborhoods when it comes to home prices.
When the news anchor first saw her East Hampton, N.Y., house, she knew it was the one.
The luxury housing market in the Bahamas is segmented, with different islands, neighborhoods and developments all fetching various prices.
A brick townhouse in Baltimore, Md., a house in Little Rock, Ark. and a cabin in Hailey, Idaho.
Tips on shopping for just the right sconce.
Finished basements have been a cost-effective way to increase living space, but builders in the Hamptons say restrictions have accelerated the trend.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
This week’s properties are on the Upper West Side, in Greenwich Village and in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn.
This week’s properties are six-bedroom homes in Bridgehampton and Quiogue, N.Y.
The six-unit, 11-story Getty, at West 24th Street and 10th Avenue, is rising on a site that for years contained, naturally, a Getty station.
Altercations in a co-op, timing on buying an apartment and a withheld security deposit.
An apartment at 150 Charles Street has changed ownership for the second time in six months.
Amy and Bobby Reich were worried they were priced out. But they persisted and found a place.
A hamlet on the South Shore of Suffolk County with a small-town feel and more modest homes when compared with those in the Hamptons.
Last year’s presidential election created a pause in the price increases in Buenos Aires’s housing market.
A 19th-century farmhouse in Litchfield, Conn., a 1960 house in Los Angeles, Calif., and a Tudor in Scranton, Pa.
Experts differ on whether real estate’s move out of the financials category to its own classification will benefit individual investors.
Michael S. Smith, who decorated the Obamas’ White House, on his favorite room at the residence of the ambassador to Spain.
Residents of Sag Harbor’s African-American neighborhoods on Long Island worry that an influx of investors who are sweeping up properties will forever alter the community’s character.
Hobie, a golden retriever belonging to Kaitlin and Ben Fund, checks in at the New York Dog Spa and Hotel on West 25th Street, his hangout while they are at work. Hobie likes it so much there, the Funds were careful to stay in the neighborhood when they moved.
Some New Yorkers hunt for apartments with the needs of a pet uppermost in their minds. This can be expensive.
Prices are lower than in some other parts of Manhattan, and more inventory is being added.
Working at home with noise, renting out a co-op and waterproofing a shower.
The actor and his girlfriend, Emily Smith, live in a one-bedroom near Lincoln Center.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region
REAL ESTATE
What does a night in one of New York's new micro apartments look like?
Dinner for Six in a Bite-Size Space
Three Artists in Three Manhattan Studios
House Tour | Paola Santarelli
House Tour | The Antivilla
Kendall Huberman discovered she qualified for a co-op building with an income cap.
A weak Canadian dollar and retiring baby boomers have helped strengthen the housing market in the St. Andrews area.
A four-bedroom duplex at Walker Tower was bought by a founder of the travel website Kayak.com, and was the sale of the week.
This week’s properties include a clapboard house in Wilmington, Del., a contemporary in San Antonio, Tex., and a loft in Portland, Me.
About $2 billion in development is underway in the city, with 1,500 units of housing under construction and another 4,000 planned.
In Marine Park, many residents are members of families that have lived in the Brooklyn neighborhood for generations.
Prestige residences around Europe are appealing to a new generation of wealthy buyers who want to own a home with a significant heritage.
Provence has been the most popular French region among international buyers, but that was before "Brexit" and the attack in Nice.
A recently overhauled free app that now allows users to read new stories every day and search for homes at the same time.
This week’s properties are in Morningside Heights, East Harlem and Brooklyn Heights.
This week’s properties include a ranch in Montgomery, N.J., and a 1914 house in Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y.
Answers to reader questions about real estate, home buying and renting, mortgages, insurance, leases, condominiums and co-ops and real estate law.
Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
Catch up on the most popular stories of the month.
Plans are going forward for hotels, upscale housing, retail space and riverfront walkways, though longtime residents continue to have some misgivings.
Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City.
The inside scoop on New York City neighborhoods and beyond.
The choice between buying a home and renting one is among the biggest financial decisions that many adults make.
Parse the market by price and size.
Record prices, skinny skyscrapers, celebrity listings and architectural debuts: It’s been an eventful year in New York City real estate. Test your memory with this quiz.
A bed is hidden in the wall behind the sofa.
A night in one of New York City’s new micro apartments.
With home prices so high, buying a place together with others may be the quickest path to homeownership.
High prices in New York City are driving up demand in certain nearby towns.
The number of home sales in the Bronx rose 35 percent in the first quarter of this year, a far larger increase than in Manhattan, Queens or Brooklyn.
A new generation of buyers at a Jackson Heights, Queens, co-op has won a nearly decade-long battle over access to the lawn.
The Wendel family, bygone real estate tycoons, avoided publicity and luxury. Their refusal to sell property drove the city crazy.
It’s a short hop from New York, and at the moment, it’s still less expensive.
The practice of home staging has long elicited strong reactions. But as staging has evolved, more real estate professionals stress its importance.
Houses of steel and aluminum are sprouting in cool places, a.k.a. Brooklyn neighborhoods.
Among over 3,000 unionized superintendents in New York City, perhaps a few dozen are women.
Tips for navigating a fast-moving real estate market.
It’s far more than banking and rent checks. Here are some tips.
The pros share their strategies for making your home enticing to buyers.
A new breed of online furniture manufacturers offers high-end quality and customization – and often a quick turnaround time – at low-end prices.
With the median price for a Manhattan apartment nearing the $1 million mark, buying your first home can be a daunting task. And don’t forget to add in the fees.
Good cellphone reception is a must-have for many in New York.
Here are some simple home improvements that may offer the most bang for the buck.
A home remodeling checklist for New York apartment dwellers.
To get to Brooklyn, win the lottery first.
Suggestions for frustrated New York City home hunters.
For the latest residential real estate news covering the five boroughs and beyond.
FOLLOW
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/world/index.html
12
Julian Assange looking out from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London in February. Having lived there for four years, he is increasingly isolated.
American officials say Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks probably have no direct ties to Russian intelligence services. But the agendas of WikiLeaks and the Kremlin have often dovetailed.
Opponents of President Nicolás Maduro took to the streets of Caracas to protest the nation’s economic collapse and its government.
The new president, Michel Temer, must navigate his own controversies and a quarrelsome Congress to lead Latin America’s largest nation out of a deepening fiscal crisis.
The vote to convict Ms. Rousseff on charges of manipulating the federal budget was also a verdict on her leadership and Brazil’s eroding fortunes.
Throughout history, Washington and other Western powers have used the Kurds for their ends, then abandoned them when it became expedient.
Most of the world’s countries have signed a treaty banning the munitions, but not the United States and Russia, where many such bombs were made.
Sisters of the Missionaries of Charity, the religious congregation founded by Mother Teresa in 1950, receiving communion during Mass at a motherhouse in Rome last week.
Her Missionaries of Charity religious congregation has continued to grow, serving the poor around the world, and just outside the seat of the Roman Catholic Church.
Before Mother Teresa became a saint, she was a nun, a nurse and a Nobel Peace Prize winner.
The mystery surrounding the health of the Uzbek leader has historical roots in the old Soviet Union.
The country’s leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, opened a conference intended to bring together hundreds of ethnic armed groups and end decades of conflict.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
Archaeologists in Berlin have unearthed a large number of human bones from a site close to where Nazi scientists carried out research on body parts of death camp victims sent to them by sadistic SS doctor Josef Mengele, officials said Thursday.
A contentious dam project that dates back to the 1950s is more than 80 percent complete, and the filling of a reservoir will swamp much of the town of Hasankeyf.
Security forces in the West African nation clashed with opposition supporters after the declaration of a second term for President Ali Bongo Ondimba.
The Central African nation was bracing for violence after Mr. Bongo won an election that supporters of his opponent, Jean Ping, claimed was fraudulent.
In other countries, the body-covering swimwear has been embraced as a symbol of modesty, liberation and even diversity.
The decline is accelerating: Largely because of poaching, the African elephant population is dropping 8 percent a year.
A mix of classical-music lovers gathered for concerts and classes at the Dartington International Summer School and Festival in Devon, England.
As the police investigate whether the killing of Arkadiusz Jozwik, 40, was motivated by hate, Poland’s ambassador expressed alarm.
Richard Flanagan described the suffering by refugees and asylum seekers held on the islands of Nauru and Manus as so extreme that it has been compared to torture.
In Hunan Province, the authorities have come up with 20 “square dance” routines to extol qualities like patriotism, dedication and equality.
A new, youthful force, supporting some degree of greater self-determination for Hong Kong, may acquire a small measure of actual power in the election on Sunday.
The cocaine amounted to 370 kilograms and was stowed in a shipment of orange juice concentrate to the plant in the town of Signes.
Supporters of Dilma Rousseff say her opponents exploited the law to oust her as president. While there is some truth to that, Brazil’s political system itself may be to blame.
He is hoping to announce progress with China on the Paris climate accord and will state his case with other Asian countries on the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Though a lethal drone strike demonstrates progress against the militant group, ISIS has proved to be remarkably resilient and well prepared for the succession of key figures.
Mr. Trump’s dual speeches in Mexico City and Phoenix were so jarring that his true vision and intentions on immigration were hard to discern.
The analysis adds to substantial evidence that Zika infections — even asymptomatic ones — may bring on a paralysis called Guillain-Barré syndrome.
Lawmakers voted down the plan by Mr. Rajoy, the caretaker prime minister, raising the likelihood of a third national election.
A tangle of questions about what might connect Guccifer, the Russians, WikiLeaks and the Democratic National Committee.
The Canadian prime minister is on a variant cover available in shops and is an integral part of the story. His father was featured in a Marvel comic in 1979.
A three-judge panel in New York reversed a ruling that had held the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Liberation Organization liable for supporting attacks in Israel that killed Americans.
The find, thought to be layers of sediment packed together by microbial communities living in shallow water, could alter our understanding of how life evolved.
The Pentagon quickly dismissed the claim, a challenge to an American report that one of its drone strikes had killed Abu Muhammad al-Adnani in Syria.
Many Mexican citizens are angry that President Enrique Peña Nieto would meet with Mr. Trump, let alone extend him an invitation.
They claimed they were the first Indian couple to ascend the world’s highest peak, but their “proof” consisted of clumsy forgeries, as many climbers had said.
In Mexico, Mr. Trump said he focused on the two nations’ shared economic and security interests, and discussed his plan to build a border wall. In Arizona, what he said was startlingly different.
The city of Changzhou says tests have cleared the school that became a focus of national outrage when nearly 500 students got sick. But questions persist.
Between turf wars and competing interests, the government is having trouble devising a coherent plan for ending four decades of integration with Europe.
Lawmakers have criticized companies that avoid taxes by moving overseas. But they’re rallying to Apple’s defense after an E.U. demand for $14.5 billion in back taxes.
The membership would provide a lift for the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which is widely seen as a counterweight to the World Bank.
He will visit China, Laos and Midway Atoll, where he will announce an expansion of a marine preserve and speak about the perils of climate change.
A protégé of Henri Cartier-Bresson, Mr. Riboud routinely traveled to restive places throughout Asia and Africa in the 1950s and ’60s as part of his decades-long career.
The last time that an airline in the United States had a regularly scheduled flight to the island, the passengers flew on a propeller plane.
The North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, has executed the deputy premier for education, Kim Yong-jin, and purged two other senior officials, South Korea said.
Nothing defines China’s hottest days more than the Beijing Bikini: grown men, without a hint of shame, rolling up shirts to expose often generous bellies.
Halal food is big business in China. But to the Hui, a Muslim ethnic minority, a social pact may come before profit in the placement of halal noodle shops.
SEPTEMBER 1, 2016 1:31 PM ET
SEPTEMBER 1, 2016 3:31 PM ET
SEPTEMBER 1, 2016 12 Minutes Ago
SEPTEMBER 1, 2016 1:58 PM ET
A coalition with hostile factions hardly promises effective governance, but a messy government is better than none at all.
Turkish anti-Americanism is out of control. President Obama must try to put a stop to it before it’s too late.
A trip to Mexico and a speech in Phoenix don’t add substance to Donald Trump’s bluster about thwarting evil foreigners.
Our Photo Editors’ Notebook on what made the image of Omran Daqneesh stand out inspired many readers to share their thoughts.
During the 10-day Hindu festival Mayana Kollai, the troubles of transgender women are distant as they transform into the deities they worship and are revered by villagers.
A new study shows how the American military failed at the soldier’s most basic responsibility: keeping track of firearms.
The story of more than a decade of war, terror and revolution in the Middle East, seen through the eyes of six people whose lives were changed forever.
For once, the conversation wasn’t via social media, and the name the Islamic State defector used was the one on his birth certificate.
Bryan Denton, a photographer who works for The New York Times and is based in Beirut, Lebanon, gives his account of covering Iraqi forces’ recapture of Falluja from the Islamic State.
A look at the lives of 247 men, women and children who were cut down in mass killings in six countries.
For the latest news and analysis from our reporters and editors. Staff Twitter List »
FOLLOW
WORLD
Both supporters and opponents of Dilma Rousseff, the former Brazilian president, took to the streets after she was removed and was replaced by Michel Temer.
Passionate Reactions to Impeachment
Venezuelans Push to Recall President
Brazil’s New President Addresses Nation
Mexicans React to Trump’s Visit
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/national/index.html
13
Advertisement
How well do we understand the multifaceted lives of black Americans? Or the lives of anyone of color?
20h ago
By BAYETÉ ROSS SMITH
The school, which in 1838 sold 272 slaves, plans to award preferential status in the admissions process to descendants of slaves, among other moves.
9h ago
By RACHEL L. SWARNS
Chief Brown did not give a reason for his decision but discussed his department’s response to the fatal shooting of five officers in an ambush this summer.
19m ago
By MANNY FERNANDEZ
By midnight on Wednesday, 90 murders had occurred in August, as the city has experienced more homicides this year than Los Angeles and New York combined.
10h ago
By MONICA DAVEY
Though a strong dollar and lower oil prices constrained August manufacturing, labor market strength could push the Fed closer to raising interest rates.
August was Mrs. Clinton’s most successful fund-raising month so far, and though much of the contributions were earmarked for Democratic Party organizations, the haul lays the groundwork for a substantial investment in swing states before the election.
By NICHOLAS CONFESSORE
Travis Rudolph, the college football star, saw Bo Paske, who has autism, having lunch alone and joined him. The small act of kindness went big.
By CHRISTINE HAUSER
Thousands of people pack the Yucca Theater in Midland, Tex., every summer on Fridays and Saturdays for a rowdy evening filled with popcorn throwing. The 67-year-old tradition is called Summer Mummers.
By THE NEW YORK TIMES
Officials in Dorchester County, S.C., neglected to warn beekeepers of a plan to spray pesticide from the air. The results were devastating.
By ALAN BLINDER
I did not ask to be put on this list.
By DANIEL VICTOR
Activists in Los Angeles and demonstrators in Phoeniz, Ariz., protested against Donald J. Trump’s bid for the White House and denounced his recent visit to Mexico City.
By NATALIA V. OSIPOVA
Some of Mr. Trump’s top Hispanic Republican supporters denounced his reversal after signaling a more conciliatory approach to illegal immigrants less than two weeks ago.
By ALAN RAPPEPORT
Fences along the frontier have only helped push smugglers underground, and experts say it may be years before the technology exists to reliably detect the tunnels.
By RON NIXON
On the U.S.-Mexico border, a large fence has done little to deter enterprising drug smugglers. In Nogales, Ariz., they’ve been digging out tunnels for years in order to cross the border undetected.
By NEIL COLLIER and RON NIXON
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/politics/index.html
14
Donald J. Trump in Phoenix, where he delivered a speech on immigration Wednesday evening.
His proposals include ending so-called sanctuary cities, assembling a deportation task force, maintaining “zero tolerance for criminal aliens” and putting up a wall.
Donald J. Trump and President Enrique Peña Nieto held a joint press conference in Mexico City on Wednesday.
Mr. Trump’s dual speeches in Mexico City and Phoenix were so jarring that his true vision and intentions on immigration were hard to discern.
Mr. Trump is trying to avoid discussion of his former campaign pledges without renouncing them, and to make conciliatory gestures without withdrawing offensive remarks.
In Mexico, Mr. Trump said he focused on the two nations’ shared economic and security interests, and discussed his plan to build a border wall. In Arizona, what he said was startlingly different.
Donald J. Trump delivered a speech in Phoenix on Wednesday that was expected to clarify his shifting stance on hard-line immigration policies, following a trip to Mexico to speak with President Enrique Peña Nieto.
Here’s a look at how the Republican candidate’s positions on immigration have changed, or remained the same, throughout the campaign.
Many Mexican citizens are angry that President Enrique Peña Nieto would meet with Mr. Trump, let alone extend him an invitation.
Which statements caused Republicans to bail on Donald Trump.
Republicans have narrowed the Democrats’ lead in registered voters in several swing states, especially in North Carolina and Florida.
The Upshot’s presidential forecast, updated daily.
Get the latest national and state polls on the presidential election between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump.
Some of Mr. Trump’s top Hispanic Republican supporters denounced his reversal after signaling a more conciliatory approach to illegal immigrants less than two weeks ago.
Following is a transcript of the remarks by Donald J. Trump on immigration in Phoenix on Wednesday, as transcribed by the Federal News Service.
He is hoping to announce progress with China on the Paris climate accord and will state his case with other Asian countries on the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
A deadlocked court refused to revive parts of the law that a federal appeals court had struck down as an effort to “target African Americans with almost surgical precision.”
In a quick visit to Mexico, the candidate did something he had failed to do in his campaign: communicate provocative ideas with something resembling diplomacy.
A tangle of questions about what might connect Guccifer, the Russians, WikiLeaks and the Democratic National Committee.
The retiring Democratic leader said that his party should take drastic action if it is triumphant at the polls only to be blocked by Republican-led gridlock.
“He is not welcome to Mexico,” Mr. Fox said ahead of the Republican nominee’s planned visit on Wednesday. “We don’t want him. We reject his visit.”
He will visit China, Laos and Midway Atoll, where he will announce an expansion of a marine preserve and speak about the perils of climate change.
At the American Legion’s national convention, Mrs. Clinton championed the notion of American exceptionalism, a concept more traditionally embraced by Republicans.
Fences along the frontier have only helped push smugglers underground, and experts say it may be years before the technology exists to reliably detect the tunnels.
A proposal to shave the tax rate on business income would also help out hedge funds and private equity shops.
A weekly politics chat looks at what Donald Trump could be doing now to cut into his polling deficit, and what he could have done from the very start.
How many of your closest friends didn’t graduate from college?
After being caught for a third time sending lewd messages on social media, the former congressman is uncertain about his future, friends say.
The latest news from the campaign trail.
Republican Senate seats that were considered to be tossups before Donald J. Trump became the Republican nominee may be even more vulnerable now.
Officials say that Russian hackers may have breached the email accounts of more than 100 officials and groups.
The Times wants to learn more about how political campaigns are targeting voters with online advertising. Install this tool to share with us the ads you see.
Mr. Trump’s supporters often chant vitriolic, even violent slogans at his campaign events. New York Times reporters documented examples over several weeks.
People who donated to establishment Republican candidates in the primary season are more likely to give money to Hillary Clinton than to Donald J. Trump.
Almost all presidential nominees since 1976 have made their tax returns public, most around Tax Day in April — about 200 days before the election.
While Donald J. Trump or Hillary Clinton will represent the entire country, the Americans who selected them are a small part of it.
A private email server used by Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state has been the focus of a half-dozen inquiries and legal proceedings.
See how the latest fund-raising numbers from the campaigns and outside groups stack up.
Donald J. Trump has turned the campaign news conference, typically a dreary affair, into a spectacle of self-promotion.
The New York Times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign.
A visual analysis of the presidential and vice-presidential convention speeches.
Here’s the latest news and analysis of the candidates and issues shaping the presidential race.
Browse New York Times photos and slideshows from the 2016 presidential campaign.
See what the candidates are saying about gun control, immigration and more, and how their positions align with the American people.
Breaking down the messaging powering the 2016 presidential election.
An attempt to categorize every insult Donald J. Trump has made on Twitter since declaring his candidacy for president.
Americans share their hopes, fears and frustrations in interviews from the campaign trail.
With 13 more Election Days, the primary season still has a long way to go. Here we answer your questions about how live election results are reported and published on the New York Times website and apps.
Bill Clinton appears on his way back to the White House (as first husband), while Kenneth Starr, the prosecutor who once pursued him, is out of a job.
New York’s highest court overturned a 1991 ruling denying parental rights to many gays and lesbians, as well as others in nontraditional families.
U.S.
Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, spoke in Everett, Wash., on Tuesday about how he would work to secure the United States border and “stop the drugs from pouring in and destroying our country."
Trump Emphasizes Border Security
Applying for Housing at a Trump Property in the '60s
Donald Trump Changes Tone on Immigration
Clinton Criticizes Trump’s Tax Plan
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html
15
Advertisement
For some members of the Silver Gull Beach Club, the perfect summer is spent not at the beach, the pool or the cabanas, but on a hot concrete court.
12h ago
By COREY KILGANNON
After being caught for a third time sending lewd messages on social media, the former congressman is uncertain about his future, friends say.
19h ago
By VIVIAN YEE
New York is changing a rule that requires an entire family to be present at the city’s intake center when reapplying to get a spot in a shelter.
2h ago
By ELIZABETH A. HARRIS
An accident involving a ferry and kayakers on the Hudson demonstrates the increasing demands on the rivers and other bodies of water around the city.
20h ago
By SARAH MASLIN NIR and ELI ROSENBERG
A three-judge panel in New York reversed a ruling that had held the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Liberation Organization liable for supporting attacks in Israel that killed Americans.
A workspace in Brooklyn provides ample room for glass blowers to create their works.
Matthew Ahn has set a new record for the fastest time to travel to all New York City subway stations – 21 hours, 28 minutes and 14 seconds. We rode along with him for his record-breaking trip.
By NEIL COLLIER and SHANE O’NEILL
The New York Times asked taxi drivers of various nationalities their views about New York City’s recent decision to no longer require an English proficiency exam to obtain a taxi driver license.
By AMY ZERBA
A busy week of fund-raising for Hillary Clinton and multiple rallies for Donald J. Trump.
Sally Warring, a biologist, isn't afraid of getting her hands wet. She collects water samples from New York's murkiest waters and examines the colorful life within them.
By YOUSUR AL-HLOU
An exhibition remembers the Battle of Brooklyn, a conflict of the Revolutionary War in which American forces suffered heavy losses — but saved their general from capture.
Taste the Tropics USA, a West Indian-themed ice cream parlor in Brooklyn, serves ice cream flavors like pineapple, coconut and soursop.
Surveillance footage captured the lead-up to the death of Roberto Rodríguez, a Mexican immigrant who was fatally stabbed in May in the South Bronx.
By ERICA BERENSTEIN and NICOLE FINEMAN
Representative Daniel M. Donovan Jr., who represents Staten Island and Southern Brooklyn, sent a letter to federal Department of Health and Human Services asking whether “the existing federal legal framework is adequate to protect addicts and their families from unscrupulous patient-brokering.”
More than half of renters in New York City are “cost-burdened” and may find it hard to pay for other necessities like food, clothing and medical care.
By MIREYA NAVARRO
Sign up to receive the latest on New York events, arts, sports, dining, style and more, delivered to your inbox every morning.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/business/index.html
16
Thursday, September 1, 2016
The fiery blast also destroyed a satellite that Facebook had planned to use to expand internet services in Africa.
An image from a NASA live camera shows smoke billowing from a launchpad after reports that a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket exploded during a test firing in Cape Canaveral in Florida.
The campaign is a major shift for a country whose government wrestled with how to regulate the energy industry.
Four people involved in the creation of an industry partnership say its intent will be clear: to ensure that A.I. research is focused on things that will benefit people, not hurt them.
Mr. Chan will join the film editor Anne V. Coates, the documentarian Frederick Wiseman and the casting director Lynn Stalmaster in being honored at the Governors Awards.
The disintegration of WrkRiot has gripped Silicon Valley, though it is a familiar tale to many who arrive with the dream of creating the next tech juggernaut.
The company’s chief executive said in an interview with an Irish broadcaster that the European Union’s tax decision was “maddening” and politically motivated.
He is hoping to announce progress with China on the Paris climate accord and will state his case with other Asian countries on the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
A contentious dam project that dates back to the 1950s is more than 80 percent complete, and the filling of a reservoir will swamp much of the town of Hasankeyf.
Four Republicans and three Democrats — including four Puerto Ricans — will serve on the board to help the island restructure its $72 billion debt.
After an eight-week trial, a Los Angeles jury awarded the retiree, Christine Ramirez, punitive and compensatory damages.
Kerrie Campbell has joined other women in suing their law firms, claiming they received less compensation than their male counterparts.
A proposal to shave the tax rate on business income would also help out hedge funds and private equity shops.
Filings show that under a one-time stock grant created in 2014, top executives stand to reap riches at least partly on the back of price increases on the EpiPen.
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
Personal historians make a business of helping people chronicle the events of their lives in memoirs.
American automakers dominate the pickup truck market, but Nissan hopes to chip away at that by introducing the first new Titan since 2003.
American officials say Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks probably have no direct ties to Russian intelligence services. But the agendas of WikiLeaks and the Kremlin have often dovetailed.
It said that some managers placed as much importance on whether a potential hire fit the polished image of an investment banker as on their skills and qualifications.
Stop writing solely for lawyers and professional investors and start writing so that anyone with an interest will understand.
Between turf wars and competing interests, the government is having trouble devising a coherent plan for ending four decades of integration with Europe.
Video games have become more inclusive regarding gender and sexuality, adding features to accommodate L.G.B.T. players.
The resistance that Germany has faced underscores the difficulty in the international effort to reduce fossil fuels in the world’s energy supply.
The health of consumer spending, corporate profits and whether there will be a rebound in growth are some of the topics generating disparate views.
An accident involving a ferry and kayakers on the Hudson demonstrates the increasing demands on the rivers and other bodies of water around the city.
In a rush of nostalgia, four girls of the ’90s stroll through the shiny new Westfield mall.
There are several good options available to make the job hunt easier and quicker, including Indeed, Switch and Monster.
Oliver Stone wanted a hit — and the chance to put America’s most iconic dissident onscreen. The subject wanted veto power. The Russian lawyer wanted someone to option the novel he’d written. The American lawyer just wanted the whole insane project to go away. Somehow a film got made.
A new breed of landlord is blurring the line between renter and homeowner.
How a once-obscure Japanese company found itself at the center of the auto industry’s biggest recall.
What was once known as the land of cheap rip-offs may now offer a glimpse of the future.
More Video »
AUTOMOBILES
The second-generation Titan is a competent pickup that can run with Chevy, Ford and Ram. But getting loyal owners of those brands to switch will be a tough job.
Driven | Nissan Titan XD
Outrage Over EpiPen Pricing
Driven | Mini Clubman
Trump Calls China ‘Currency Manipulator’
For news, insight and analysis from our reporters and editors. Staff Twitter List »
FOLLOW
Shareholders of a metals products company say it has lowballed its asset values in bankruptcy to give leading creditors control at a bargain price.
American barrel-making is on the upswing, fed by demand from winemakers, distillers and brewers, and science is transforming the ancient craft.
The industrial giant is investing big in an effort to adopt the nimble habits and digital wizardry of Silicon Valley. And, its C.E.O. says, there is no Plan B.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/business/international/index.html
17
A worker from the Israeli Tamar gas platform and the Mari-B platform in the eastern Mediterranean Sea off Israel. The Tamar field now supplies the fuel for a sizable portion of Israeli electricity production.
The campaign is a major shift for a country whose government wrestled with how to regulate the energy industry.
Four people involved in the creation of an industry partnership say its intent will be clear: to ensure that A.I. research is focused on things that will benefit people, not hurt them.
The cocaine amounted to 370 kilograms and was stowed in a shipment of orange juice concentrate to the plant in the town of Signes.
The company’s chief executive said in an interview with an Irish broadcaster that the European Union’s tax decision was “maddening” and politically motivated.
It said that some managers placed as much importance on whether a potential hire fit the polished image of an investment banker as on their skills and qualifications.
A contentious dam project that dates back to the 1950s is more than 80 percent complete, and the filling of a reservoir will swamp much of the town of Hasankeyf.
American officials say Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks probably have no direct ties to Russian intelligence services. But the agendas of WikiLeaks and the Kremlin have often dovetailed.
Between turf wars and competing interests, the government is having trouble devising a coherent plan for ending four decades of integration with Europe.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
The vote to convict Ms. Rousseff on charges of manipulating the federal budget was also a verdict on her leadership and Brazil’s eroding fortunes.
Lawmakers have criticized companies that avoid taxes by moving overseas. But they’re rallying to Apple’s defense after an E.U. demand for $14.5 billion in back taxes.
The membership would provide a lift for the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which is widely seen as a counterweight to the World Bank.
John Cryan, the Deutsche Bank chief executive, said more consolidation was needed in Germany and across Europe for banks to be more profitable.
He is hoping to announce progress with China on the Paris climate accord and will state his case with other Asian countries on the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
A top European business lobby warned China on Thursday that it risked a protectionist backlash unless it opened its markets faster to foreign investment.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector picked up unexpectedly in August, official data showed, but gains were modest.
As it prepares for its biggest summit yet, China is forcing residents out of nearby towers, idling factories and ordering workers to take vacation.
The decision by the European commissioner for competition ramps up trans-Atlantic tensions over how much companies with global operations should pay to countries where they do business.
Filings show that under a one-time stock grant created in 2014, top executives stand to reap riches at least partly on the back of price increases on the EpiPen.
The resistance that Germany has faced underscores the difficulty in the international effort to reduce fossil fuels in the world’s energy supply.
Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have not allowed the press corps to travel with them on their campaign airplanes, suspending a tradition that had lasted more than 50 years.
More than a month on, little is clear. Britain’s trading relationship with the E.U. looks to be in limbo. Companies are reassessing their long-term investments in Britain. Here’s what’s happened so far.
Volkswagen has admitted that 11 million of its vehicles were equipped with software that was used to cheat on emissions tests. The company is now contending with the fallout.
The oil industry, with its history of booms and busts, has been in its deepest downturn since the 1990s, if not earlier.
The internet has altered global culture almost beyond recognition and is reshaping issues from gender identity to military conflict.
A section on how funds performed in the second quarter of the year — and on where they may be heading.
A collection on financial disruptors looking to transform the nature of money.
Human psychology can get in the way of a secure life. Here are some ways to outwit it.
Articles on making three-generation family vacations work, the ins and outs of renting abroad, how frugality can hurt your credit score and more.
AUTOMOBILES
The second-generation Titan is a competent pickup that can run with Chevy, Ford and Ram. But getting loyal owners of those brands to switch will be a tough job.
Driven | Nissan Titan XD
Driven | Mini Clubman
How China Is Changing Your Internet
Delta Cancels Hundreds of Flights
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/opinion/index.html
18
We’re facing dismal growth and an economy that leaves millions of Americans out of work and out of luck. It’s time for a shock to the system. Comments
A trip to Mexico and a speech in Phoenix don’t add substance to Donald Trump’s bluster about thwarting evil foreigners. Comments
He is not only a bully, but also something of a coward, who lacks the force of his convictions — or who lacks basic convictions at all. Comments
ISIS jihadists, North Korea and the K.K.K. agree on a candidate. Comments
Bill Clinton appears on his way back to the White House (as first husband), while Kenneth Starr, the prosecutor who once pursued him, is out of a job. Comments
As a historian and a priest, I’m convinced our school must reckon with its historical relationship with slavery. Comments
A quarterback makes a statement on racial justice, playing for a city that is getting richer and whiter every day. Comments
The new president faces the tough task of restoring Brazilians’ faith in their scandal-plagued political class.
New York’s highest court overturned a 1991 ruling denying parental rights to many gays and lesbians, as well as others in nontraditional families.
Did Democrats exhaust their alarm before they needed it most? Comments
Readers discuss whether Mr. Trump’s visit made him seem more presidential or made Mexico’s president seem less so.
A presidential adviser describes the president’s efforts to protect land and waters using the Antiquities Act.
A former law student of Hillary Clinton recalls ways in which she went out of her way to help him.
Are U.S. citizens too obsessed with national symbols? Should we care if someone decides to not stand for the national anthem?
Mr. Trump is not the first to promise that an isolationist approach would result in a big payout.
A decrease in the birthrate of lower-income families may be helping to narrow the academic gap between rich and poor.
A coalition with hostile factions hardly promises effective governance, but a messy government is better than none at all.
A year ago, the country opened its door to refugees. It still doesn’t know what to do next.
Turkish anti-Americanism is out of control. President Obama must try to put a stop to it before it’s too late. Comments
His campaign sees a path to victory that runs through Mexico, but a look at New Hampshire tells us more about his chances on Election Day. Comments
Turkey sent tanks, warplanes and special operations forces into northern Syria last week.
“So how did Maine, known for bipartisanship and civility in civic life, twice put Gov. Paul LePage in office?” A reader explains.
A reader says a new ad campaign by American Airlines wrongly shifts the blame for bad travel experiences from management to passengers.
Readers discuss debate preparations (or lack of), the Clinton Foundation and reporters on candidates’ planes.
Fix the Court calls for disclosure of health and other concerns by Supreme Court justices.
A reader laments the lack of government oversight that allowed defective airbags to be installed in cars.
Terrorists didn’t just strike the American University of Afghanistan. They tried to destroy a microcosm of what the country hopes to become.
I’m just an athlete with a disability. Is that enough? Comments
Nine Latin American governments urge Washington in rare public rebuke to rescind its indefensible preferential immigration policy for Cubans.
Our politics increasingly resembles the sectarian conflict between Shiites and Sunnis. Comments
Besides electing officials, millions of voters in November will also decide on various initiatives and referendums. But how come?
Everyone in Washington plays favorites. It’s not illegal, even if it isn’t pretty. Comments
The corporation and the United States have only themselves to blame for a record tax penalty in Europe. Comments
When he turned the freakout dial down to zero, he ruled the screen with quietude, as the great comic actors do. Comments
As part of a series of videos about race, we are featuring personal stories that reflect the breadth of experiences in the United States.
Personal stories from readers that reflect the strength, challenges and diversity of the transgender community.
The most compelling and talked-about opinions from around the world. Connect with columnists, readers and influential thinkers. Join the conversation around the day’s biggest issues.
September 1, 2016, 2:02 PM
Read More »
NICHOLAS KRISTOF
September 1, 2016, 11:36 AM
PAUL KRUGMAN
August 30, 2016, 7:17 PM
DOT EARTH
August 26, 2016, 3:20 PM
ROSS DOUTHAT
May 24, 2016, 12:32 PM
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/opinion/international/index.html
19
Terrorists didn’t just strike the American University of Afghanistan. They tried to destroy a microcosm of what the country hopes to become.
The corporation and the United States have only themselves to blame for a record tax penalty in Europe. Comments
Anthony Weiner is the Republican nominee’s partner in compulsion. Comments
Our politics increasingly resembles the sectarian conflict between Shiites and Sunnis. Comments
Everyone in Washington plays favorites. It’s not illegal, even if it isn’t pretty. Comments
Did Democrats exhaust their alarm before they needed it most? Comments
Readers discuss whether Mr. Trump’s visit made him seem more presidential or made Mexico’s president seem less so.
A presidential adviser describes the president’s efforts to protect land and waters using the Antiquities Act.
A former law student of Hillary Clinton recalls ways in which she went out of her way to help him.
A decrease in the birthrate of lower-income families may be helping to narrow the academic gap between rich and poor.
A coalition with hostile factions hardly promises effective governance, but a messy government is better than none at all.
Are U.S. citizens too obsessed with national symbols? Should we care if someone decides to not stand for the national anthem?
A year ago, the country opened its door to refugees. It still doesn’t know what to do next.
Turkish anti-Americanism is out of control. President Obama must try to put a stop to it before it’s too late. Comments
His campaign sees a path to victory that runs through Mexico, but a look at New Hampshire tells us more about his chances on Election Day. Comments
We’re facing dismal growth and an economy that leaves millions of Americans out of work and out of luck. It’s time for a shock to the system. Comments
Bill Clinton appears on his way back to the White House (as first husband), while Kenneth Starr, the prosecutor who once pursued him, is out of a job. Comments
ISIS jihadists, North Korea and the K.K.K. agree on a candidate. Comments
A trip to Mexico and a speech in Phoenix don’t add substance to Donald Trump’s bluster about thwarting evil foreigners. Comments
He is not only a bully, but also something of a coward, who lacks the force of his convictions — or who lacks basic convictions at all. Comments
Mr. Trump is not the first to promise that an isolationist approach would result in a big payout.
A teen pregnancy prevention program has unintended results.
I’m for inflation and fiscal expansion, but puzzled all the same.
Here’s how Representative Eliza Turing, a political Twitter bot, came to be.
Is H.I.V. prevention compromised by U.S. policies on sex work?
The most compelling and talked-about opinions from around the world. Connect with columnists, readers and influential thinkers. Join the conversation around the day’s biggest issues.
NICHOLAS KRISTOF
September 1, 2016, 11:36 AM
PAUL KRUGMAN
August 30, 2016, 7:17 PM
DOT EARTH
August 26, 2016, 3:20 PM
ROSS DOUTHAT
May 24, 2016, 12:32 PM
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/technology/index.html
20
At an awards ceremony for Facebook’s chief, Mark Zuckerberg, in February. Researchers from his company, along with Amazon, IBM and others, have been meeting to discuss the impact of artificial intelligence on jobs, transportation and even warfare.
Four people involved in the creation of an industry partnership say its intent will be clear: to ensure that A.I. research is focused on things that will benefit people, not hurt them.
The disintegration of WrkRiot has gripped Silicon Valley, though it is a familiar tale to many who arrive with the dream of creating the next tech juggernaut.
The company’s chief executive said in an interview with an Irish broadcaster that the European Union’s tax decision was “maddening” and politically motivated.
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
I did not ask to be put on this list.
With celebrities so accessible online they have to go above and beyond when meeting fans in the arena.
A recent Medium post by a disappointed ex-employee of a start-up is a reminder that not every little tech company is destined to succeed.
The fiery blast also destroyed a satellite that Facebook had planned to use to expand internet services in Africa.
American officials say Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks probably have no direct ties to Russian intelligence services. But the agendas of WikiLeaks and the Kremlin have often dovetailed.
A tangle of questions about what might connect Guccifer, the Russians, WikiLeaks and the Democratic National Committee.
As the gossip machine continues to define celebrity downward, a striving celebrity underclass has risen to dominate it.
A Google executive kept out of meetings stepped down from Uber’s board as the search giant expands its own nascent ride sharing service to San Francisco.
When President Obama takes over the November issue, it will be, by Wired’s estimation, the first time a sitting president has guest-edited at a magazine.
Insight and analysis on Silicon Valley and the technology industry.
Video games have become more inclusive regarding gender and sexuality, adding features to accommodate L.G.B.T. players.
There are several good options available to make the job hunt easier and quicker, including Indeed, Switch and Monster.
Mobile alerts and free tools can notify you and help you prepare for emergencies including extreme weather, natural disasters and other crisis situations.
If you mistakenly dump an important piece of mail in the trash, don’t panic.
As Google and Apple improve their mobile operating systems each year, older phone hardware cannot keep up with the new software.
Beaming contacts is a modern way of exchanging information, but you can also convert those cardboard rectangles into handy electronic files.
Like other urban areas, New York City has free internet hot spots around town that can give you web access. But as always, be careful.
StudyBlue, Symbolab and Google Keep are just a few of the apps that revolutionize tasks once done with pen and paper.
Apps provide recipes, timers, advice — everything you need except steaks and burgers to make your cookout delicious.
Household staples like coffee and paper towels arrive automatically, but the prices may vary by as much as 170 percent.
Get caught up on the latest news, insight and analysis from our reporters and editors delivered to your inbox six days a week.
For news and analysis, plus interesting links curated by our journalists. Staff Twitter List »
FOLLOW
TECHNOLOGY
The Federal Communications Commission is to take a more active role in regulating the Internet as a public utility, which is expected to provoke court cases from major broadband providers.
The New Net Neutrality Rules
The Terminator and the Washing Machine
How China Is Changing Your Internet
Google Called Harmful to Europe’s Market
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/health/index.html
21
Advertisement
The analysis adds to substantial evidence that Zika infections — even asymptomatic ones — may bring on a paralysis called Guillain-Barré syndrome.
22h ago
By CATHERINE SAINT LOUIS
Florida announced on Thursday that for the first time mosquitoes in Miami Beach had tested positive for the virus, showing the virus was still active in the area.
59m ago
By SABRINA TAVERNISE
Paul Mason, once known by the dismaying title of the world’s fattest man, had the second of two surgeries to eliminate the excess skin enveloping his body.
10h ago
By SARAH LYALL
Prices for the most popular plans in 18 states are rising by 11 percent, doubling last year’s increase, according to a new analysis.
13h ago
By MARGOT SANGER-KATZ
The sharp decline in American teenage pregnancy rates in recent years was a result of the increased use of contraceptives, a new study concludes.
By NICHOLAS BAKALAR
About 8.4 percent of Americans interviewed in a study had depression, but of those, only 28.7 percent had received any treatment.
By NICHOLAS BAKALAR
Dr. Browne, the syndicated radio and television therapist, dispensed advice, earnest inspiration and gentle goading for nearly four decades.
By SAM ROBERTS
Officials said that fewer than 1 percent of samples taken had elevated lead levels. But a review of how the tests were conducted raises questions about the accuracy of the results.
By KATE TAYLOR
While keeping a close eye on Florida, the agency said there would be no money to fight a new outbreak if Congress does not allocate more soon.
Onerous, unnecessary requirements on doctors and patients serve one purpose: to limit a woman’s right to choose.
By USHMA D. UPADHYAY
Beijing allows only married couples to undergo fertility treatments, so many single women are looking abroad to give themselves more time to have children.
By CAROLYN ZHANG
With 82 confirmed cases as of Tuesday and thousands of premises to be inspected, health authorities said they will likely find more infections.
By WEIYI LIM
People with food allergies hope to never use an EpiPen, but sometimes we don’t have a choice.
By ALI JAFFE
Moving to address complaints about the program, the state’s Health Department is making substantial changes aimed at easing access to the drug.
By JESSE McKINLEY and CATHERINE SAINT LOUIS
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/sports/index.html
22
Tatyana McFadden, right, and her sister Hannah, left, of Clarksville, Md., will compete in the Rio Paralympics, which begin next week.
Tatyana McFadden, who with her mother has fought for students with disabilities to participate in sports, could leave the Rio Paralympics with seven gold medals.
The roof at Arthur Ashe Stadium was closed on Thursday morning because of the rain. There have been complaints about the noise in Ashe, even when the roof is open.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Thursday.
Jared Donaldson, 19, who spent over two years in Buenos Aires learning the fine art of topspin, is looking for another U.S. Open upset on Thursday, against No. 32 Viktor Troicki.
Franz Beckenbauer was head of the organizing committee for Germany’s successful bid for the 2006 World Cup.
Beckenbauer is one of four top German soccer officials under investigation for fraud and other criminal offenses related to Germany’s bid to host the 2006 World Cup.
Jets quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick throwing at camp in Florham Park, N.J., last month before the backups Christian Hackenberg (5), Bryce Petty (9) and Geno Smith.
A rare but risky call that could pay off later, the Jets faced a similar situation in 2008 under Eric Mangini.
The league said it found “no credible evidence” that the players were provided with performance-enhancing drugs, as claimed by a pharmacist.
Lawyers for the estate of the former running back Cookie Gilchrist have asked the Supreme Court to hear an appeal to alter the landmark deal between the league and its retired players.
Dellin Betances pitching in the 13th inning against the Royals. The Yankees brought out every relief pitcher except Tyler Clippard.
The team used all but one of its relievers in a 13-inning victory, winning the series and creeping closer to a wild-card berth.
Kelly Johnson hit a bases-clearing double in the eighth inning, sealing the win; the Mets said Walker would most likely have season-ending back surgery.
Grigor Dimitrov during his first-round win at the United States Open. Dani Vallverdu, sitting front right, has been Dimitrov’s coach since Wimbledon.
Tennis players preparing for major tournaments rely on their coaches along the lonely road of competition.
The retractable roof over Arthur Ashe Stadium was closed during a match for the first time as rain started falling while Rafael Nadal and Andreas Seppi were playing.
Three young French players seeded at the United States Open — Benoit Paire, Kristina Mladenovic and Caroline Garcia — have all been provisionally suspended by the French tennis federation.
The Flyers’ Pierre-Eduoard Bellemare will play for France as it seeks one of three final berths.
Thanks to a scheduling change, players like the Flyers’ Pierre-Eduoard Bellemare, a Frenchman, can play for their countries in final qualifying tournaments.
Nikata, a 115-foot, all-carbon, custom performance superyacht, is racing in the Maxi Yacht Rolex Cup in Sardinia next week. Superyachts like this one are often referred to as small cities.
The market for superyachts seems as strong as ever despite tough financial times, but there are signs of a possible dip.
While high-level sports are a type of entertainment, few other forms of mass-consumed entertainment have the anthem ingrained into every performance.
Major League Baseball, the N.F.L. and the N.B.A. announce their schedules only months before their seasons start. Arizona and Nebraska have scheduled a game for 2031.
Caslavska won seven Olympics gold medals as a gymnast in the 1960s. Her public opposition to the Soviet invasion of her homeland, Czechoslovakia, ended her competitive career.
Mr. Fuji, whose signature move was hurling a handful of salt into opponents’ eyes, won several tag-team titles with Professor Toru Tanaka.
He might be the most entertaining tennis player since John McEnroe. Too bad he’d rather be playing basketball.
A quarterback makes a statement on racial justice, playing for a city that is getting richer and whiter every day.
I’m just an athlete with a disability. Is that enough?
For a different view of sports, follow @nytimessports on Instagram.
Murray has established himself as the most consistent player of the moment with a second Wimbledon title, a second Olympic gold medal and a recent 22-match winning streak.
Deemed surplus by their clubs, players like Mario Balotelli, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Joe Hart find their high salaries are making it hard to move on.
Harrison lost in the first round, but after seven operations before age 22, he had plenty to smile about.
Can Jordan Morris be the first great American goal scorer to star abroad? O.K., next question?
The stadium, the main court of the United States Open, wasn’t built to bear the extra weight of a roof, so an engineer and an architect approached it from the soil up.
This year, there are two Grandstands at the National Tennis Center. One is flashy and holds 8,125 spectators; the other is a gritty shoe box.
The continent has skilled players, but a lack of resources and opportunities, including access to top competition, keeps them from breaking through.
Frances Tiafoe, an 18-year-old American ranked No. 125, took the first two sets from John Isner before losing in five at the United States Open.
Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, with distinctive takes on games and some behind-the-scenes surprises, delivered to your inbox every week.
For the latest news, analysis and journalists' perspectives. Twitter list of staff journalists »
FOLLOW
WORLD
Feyisa Lilesa, a runner from Ethiopia, caught the world’s attention Sunday when, at the finish line of the Olympic marathon, he raised his arms in solidarity with the Oromo people in his country. Jeffrey Gettleman, East African bureau chief, weighs in on the symbol of defiance and why Mr. Lilesa fears he can't return home.
Olympic Marathoner’s Symbol of Protest
Russian Athletes React to Paralympics Ban
The Power of Gold
3 Rio Officials on Ryan Lochte’s Apology
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/sports/international/index.html
23
Franz Beckenbauer was head of the organizing committee for Germany’s successful bid for the 2006 World Cup.
Beckenbauer is one of four top German soccer officials under investigation for fraud and other criminal offenses related to Germany’s bid to host the 2006 World Cup.
It’s not the trophies that motivate sailors racing at the Maxi Yacht Rolex Cup next week in Sardinia.
Environmental concerns are bringing change to the luxury-boat sector.
The market for superyachts seems as strong as ever despite tough financial times, but there are signs of a possible dip.
Jared Donaldson, 19, who spent over two years in Buenos Aires learning the fine art of topspin, is looking for another U.S. Open upset on Thursday, against No. 32 Viktor Troicki.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Wednesday.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Tuesday.
Lewis Hamilton climbed onto the podium from the 21st position in the grid, keeping his lead over his Mercedes teammate in the series.
The flyhalf made a couple of good kicks that briefly hampered the All Blacks, but there was not the sidestep that has torn defenses open before.
The countries are meeting in the opening match of the final round of Asian qualifications for the 2018 World Cup. They have met 30 times, and China has won only once.
Deemed surplus by their clubs, players like Mario Balotelli, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Joe Hart find their high salaries are making it hard to move on.
On Sunday, Leipzig will play its first game in Germany’s top league, but detractors see the team as just another Red Bull marketing venture.
The continent has skilled players, but a lack of resources and opportunities, including access to top competition, keeps them from breaking through.
Ending the dominance of Djokovic, Federer, Nadal and Murray requires mental adjustments by the rank and file, says Carlos Moyá, who coaches No. 6 Milos Raonic.
In the span of a week, Puig went from a little-known tennis player to a hero, with the island’s first gold medal around her neck at age 22.
Roberta Vinci, in the role of spoiler, catapulted her way into a spot in last year’s United States Open final, but such breakout runs can be hard to repeat.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/arts/index.html
24
Advertisement
NBC, Fox and ABC, dogged by cable, are gambling this season on outside-the-box comedies and quirky niche shows.
11h ago
By BROOKS BARNES
Dozens of plaster casts, many among the finest examples of their kind, have found a home at the Institute of Classical Architecture & Art in Manhattan.
6h ago
By JANE MARGOLIES
The show “Taxidermy: Art, Science & Immortality” at the Morbid Anatomy Museum in Brooklyn offers a cat tableau by the Victorian Walter Potter.
1h ago
By JENNIFER SCHUESSLER
This collection of reminiscences from John le Carré — a pseudonym for David Cornwell — offers glimpses of the author, and former spy, over the years.
2h ago
By MICHIKO KAKUTANI
Alison Pill, Jason Priestley, Gael García Bernal and Mariana Ximenes star in Pedro Morelli’s amusing mix of animation and live action.
By NEIL GENZLINGER
This film, directed by Luke Scott (whose father is Ridley Scott), focuses on a girl who is pale and fast, strong and hungry.
By JEANNETTE CATSOULIS
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines, and VH1 Save the Music hosts a benefit.
By DENNY LEE
“Chandu” (1932), adapted from a nightly radio broadcast, anticipated the superhero Dr. Strange; “Stranger” (1940) stars Peter Lorre in an atmospheric B-movie.
By J. HOBERMAN
At the New Museum, children can learn about collecting, decorate bears and pose with them, creating photos like those in the exhibition “The Keeper.”
By LAUREL GRAEBER
A handful of summer genre films, including “Don’t Breathe,” “Hands of Stone” and “Blood Father,” were directed in English by young, foreign-born directors.
By NICOLAS RAPOLD
The Tony-winning Broadway producer will oversee theater, food and fashion projects at the Westfield malls.
By ANDREW R. CHOW
Mr. Chan will join the film editor Anne V. Coates, the documentarian Frederick Wiseman and the casting director Lynn Stalmaster in being honored at the Governors Awards.
By BROOKS BARNES
UrbanGlass in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, gives glass blowers access to the space and expensive equipment they need to practice their craft.
By GLORIA DAWSON
Women are increasingly taking over a stubbornly male preserve in front of orchestras.
By MICHAEL COOPER
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/arts/international/index.html
25
Advertisement
Each year, some of the most anticipated films of the fall season are rolled out in Venice alongside small, often obscure debuts.
1d ago
By NICOLAS RAPOLD
Across Mexico, fans mourned and celebrated the singer who for years provided the soundtrack for their joyous occasions and their heartbreaks.
August 29, 2016
By KIRK SEMPLE and ELISABETH MALKIN
Mr. Wilder doesn’t have many comedy descendants. He was too much of an original to copy.
1d ago
By WESLEY MORRIS
These four film shorts, each by a different director, evoke aspects of a brilliant art historian and essayist living in the French Alps.
1d ago
By GLENN KENNY
A mix of classical-music lovers gathered for concerts and classes at the Dartington International Summer School and Festival in Devon, England.
By MICHAEL WHITE
The chairwoman and vice chairwoman of the board resigned last week after criticizing the museum’s director, Holly Block.
By ROBIN POGREBIN
Netflix announced Wednesday that its breakout show would return next year, as “Stranger Things 2,” with writers and creators Matt and Ross Duffer.
By JOHN KOBLIN
As the centennial of Mr. Dahl’s birth approaches, the estate of the “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” author is developing at least 23 projects based on his works.
By MICHAEL PAULSON
A prolific singer and songwriter, he was nominated for six Grammys and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
By JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH
Hear the tracks that caught our pop critics’ attention, from De La Soul to Sharon Van Etten.
By JON PARELES, JON CARAMANICA and NATE CHINEN
Tony Hendra, a Lampoon writer and contributor to many of its best-selling recordings, is involved with this one, “Are There Any Triggers Here Tonight?”
By DAVE ITZKOFF
Tracing Mr. Van Gelder’s imprint on recordings like Coltrane’s “Moment’s Notice” or the Miles Davis Quintet’s “If I Were a Bell,” among others.
By NATE CHINEN
Arts events around the world, from Hiroshima, Japan, to Kampala, Uganda.
Compiled by CHRISTOPHER D. SHEA
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html
26
Advertisement
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines, and VH1 Save the Music hosts a benefit.
28m ago
By DENNY LEE
Also, how to deal with a fiancé’s bad behavior at a wedding and more.
3h ago
By PHILIP GALANES
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
13h ago
By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI
Expect more disruption in the men’s wear world as the designer known for his high romance enters the big leagues.
16h ago
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines; VH1 Save the Music hosts its “Hamptons Live” benefit.
By DENNY LEE
Classic American brands and runway designers alike introduce variations on the toggle coat for fall.
The stars of Crystal Moselle’s new short film for Miu Miu are six female skaters (and best friends), who took T along for a ride.
Rihanna’s Fenty Puma collection is now available, Saks opens in Brookfield Place, Tommy Hilfiger collaborates with Gigi Hadid, and more.
By ALISON S. COHN
Bold and creative fashion was out in force at the music festival in Brooklyn.
In a rush of nostalgia, four girls of the ’90s stroll through the shiny new Westfield mall.
By KATHERINE BERNARD
The night’s biggest after-parties were hosted by Republic Records, DJ Khaled and, yes, Rihanna.
By BEN DETRICK
Here, the beauty faves she has in her #nyfw makeup bag.
By BEE SHAPIRO
Elie Tahari’s campaign, “Madam President,” isn’t the first time a fashion brand has depicted a female in the Oval Office but these days, context is everything.
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
It’s time to surrender your sneakers for some striking updates on three classic styles.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/style/international/index.html
27
Advertisement
Expect more disruption in the men’s wear world as the designer known for his high romance enters the big leagues.
16h ago
By VANESSA FRIEDMAN
The latest tech giant to woo the fashion world isn’t a social network. It’s a search engine.
13h ago
By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI
Peter Lindbergh reflects on his four-decade career, and shares images never published before their inclusion in his weighty upcoming book.
1d ago
By ALEXANDRIA SYMONDS
Bold and creative fashion was out in force at the music festival in Brooklyn.
1d ago
The Boffo Fire Island Performance Festival returns to the Pines; VH1 Save the Music hosts its “Hamptons Live” benefit.
By DENNY LEE
What you need: Some great new jeans and smart workout wear, among other things.
By ERICA M. BLUMENTHAL
The night’s biggest after-parties were hosted by Republic Records, DJ Khaled and, yes, Rihanna.
By BEN DETRICK
Updating: Beyoncé; Nicki Minaj; Kim Kardashian West; and Kanye West and more fashion from one of the music industry’s biggest award shows.
Last week’s parties included celebrating the National Park Service’s 100th birthday, saving Saint Sava church, and the 17th annual Taste of Tennis.
With 2,400 miles between them, a romance between Stephanie Stebich and Anne-Imelda Radice, both museum directors, seemed out of reach. The couple were married on Aug. 14 in Plainfield, Mass.
Selections from a digital diary of the city’s streets.
By GUY TREBAY
“I was so strong in my thinking and my way of seeing fashion,” the designer once said. “I knew exactly what I wanted. I said to myself, ‘I have no limits.’”
The cunning sculptor has been making public art for two decades.
We’re living in a post-normcore world. Here’s what it looks like.
By ERICA M. BLUMENTHAL
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/dining/index.html
28
Vegetable stews share the menu with less traditional dishes, like eggs and lox on injera, a crepe-like flatbread.
The newest meatless burgers aren’t obligatory additions to menus. They’re the stars.
The most bulletproof of restaurants is the work of a man who sweats the details but not the criticism.
The cheesy classic Los Angeles sandwich gets the treatment it deserves with or without the meat.
The markets are still teeming with glorious summer vegetables. But the changing weather demands something a little different.
Returning from vacation with a few no-recipe recipes in mind.
This riff on elote, the Mexican street snack, makes for excellent barbecue fare.
Halal food is big business in China. But to the Hui, a Muslim ethnic minority, a social pact may come before profit in the placement of halal noodle shops.
When the owners of a vegan restaurant chain announced that they had begun eating meat, it did not sit well with their customers.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
This fig tart looks like the handiwork of a professional chef, but it isn’t hard to put together.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
On Mount Etna, Frank Cornelissen has learned the difference between making wine and making good wine for the ages.
Readers tell of dishes that remind them where they came from.
The chef is opening a hotel aerie in Williamsburg, a new Orwashers bakery expands to the Upper West Side, and more restaurant news.
The author Tama Matsuoka Wong and the restaurateur Claus Meyer are offering a series of foraging classes.
These sweets, from L.A. Burdick Handmade Chocolates, come in five flavors.
Salty water from the sea is now available for boiling at home.
The evening to salute the late chef, at Chelsea Piers, will raise money for a new scholarship at the Culinary Institute of America.
The crepe known as tapioca is now available at Oca in NoLIta.
Cocktail Kingdom is now selling elegant reproductions of 19th-century punch bowls, ladles and glasses from the author David Wondrich’s collection.
From left: a white pomegranate; a salad of pickled cholla buds and tepary beans at Janos Wilder’s restaurant Downtown Kitchen and Cocktails; a drink made of prickly pears and white peaches.
Named a culinary capital by Unesco, the city has a long history of wringing plenty from a desert.
Tapping sales of a dish that hails from hard-hit Amatrice, Italy.
A nephew of Colonel Sanders may have shown a reporter a list of the proprietary blend of 11 herbs and spices for the famous fried chicken.
Taste the Tropics USA, a West Indian-themed ice cream parlor in Brooklyn that opened in the 1970s, serves ice cream flavors like pineapple, coconut, soursop and even a beer-based option: Guinness.
A restaurant for Russian and Jewish specialties, a temple to Japanese udon noodles, and more food news.
Taking their lead from the airlines, hotels and resorts are raising add-on fees to record levels.
At Pike Place Market, fresh fish may fly 20 feet or more before they drop into the waiting hands of a fishmonger.
A stand beneath Columbus Circle specializes in savory pockets called salteñas.
At 22, the restaurant is safely reassuring, but acts of imagination keep it vital.
The pioneering East Village cocktail den celebrates its 10th anniversary by planning a hotel bar in Colorado and fine-tuning its bar menu in New York.
The chef Tom Colicchio will shutter his restaurant on the edge of the meatpacking district on Sept. 4.
In a new book, a Brooklyn couple explore the practical but hard-to-love cuisine of the 1930s.
The show, which originated in a London pie shop in 2014, will arrive at the Barrow Street Theater in February.
A veteran chef forages, researches and cooks as part of a larger movement to revitalize indigenous food traditions.
In Yorkville, beer-hall food is on the menu in a lofty room with herringbone floors from grander days.
The holiday Raksha Bandhan makes for brisk business at Raja Sweets, a prominent Indian bakery in town.
Sam Beall’s death cast his widow, Mary Celeste Beall, in an unimagined role, as the head of the Blackberry Farm resort and a leader in the elevation of hyper-local Southern cuisine.
Mr. Richard, a pastry chef by training, brought a playful, French twist to his food, and headed some of the United States’ most beloved restaurants.
In his recipes for home cooks, the chef struck a balance between taste and health.
With quail and crayfish in the backyard, a Brooklyn restaurant isn’t quite as simple as it looks.
Tahini ranch dressing.
The same tangy, creamy, turbocharged flavor of the bottled stuff, sans animal fat.
Add roasted eggplant, cherry tomatoes and Romano beans to transform this creamier version of mozzarella into a meal.
The quest to make a bagel in San Francisco rivaling New York’s best annihilates a stand mixer (twice) and an ego.
Even less-than-perfect peaches can be wonderful with the heat of the oven, a bit of sugar or a swirl through a river of freshly whipped cream.
The challenge of cooking when temperatures spike is to devise menus that rely less on the oven and stovetop.
Banish soggy vegetables and a sorry topping.
Garlicky grits, slices of avocado and a velvety gravy combine to make a dish that is as deeply satisfying as it is simple.
Marinate boneless chicken thighs with loads of garlic, lemon and fresh za’atar for a quick weeknight meal.
A salad is only as good as its raw ingredients. Here’s what to look for at the market.
Anchovies, yes anchovies, are a perfect pairing, providing a meaty, savory umami to tomatoes in a tart, on pasta or on the grill.
Master these simple sauces, which offer maximum flavor for minimum effort.
Drinks that fell out of fashion as the epitome of kitsch are being revived as joyfully composed craft cocktails.
American brewers have taken up the dark art of sour beers. Results are mixed, but the best indicate a promising future.
The owners of the San Francisco tiki bar Smuggler’s Cove set out to define an aesthetic built on leis and umbrellas.
Organically produced reds from southeast Sicily can be every bit as beautiful as the fashionable wines of Mount Etna.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
A small family winery runs afoul of zoning rules, and apparently compromise is not an option.
This white wine from Galicia in northwestern Spain went quickly from unknown to taken for granted. What are the best ones like?
Reproductions of 19th-century punchware for entertaining, and more news from Florence Fabricant.
We’d love to hear about the dishes and traditions at your Thanksgiving celebration, and how they reflect your family’s roots and travels.
Follow us to find all the food that’s fit to cook, snap and eat.
A library of more than 50 videos demonstrating simple skills that home cooks should master.
Find your favorite recipes on our Pinterest boards.
Interactive map of health violations at restaurants in New York
Despite its name, Frenchie’s accent is as British as it is French.
Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations.
Go to Cooking »
FOOD
This summer cookout classic gets the street-food treatment, with the addition of chile, lime, mayo and cheese.
Grilled Corn with Cheese, Lime and Chile
Burrata With Romano Beans and Eggplant
Summer Vegetable Gratin
Middle Eastern Herb Chicken
Get regular updates from The New York Times Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice. And download Cooking for iPhone and iPad in the App Store.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/dining/international/index.html
29
At 77, the restaurateur Michael Chow has not slowed down.
The most bulletproof of restaurants is the work of a man who sweats the details but not the criticism.
The farmers’ unions have helped ensure a more reliable and diverse food supply in an often famine-struck region, while also empowering its female leadership.
Halal food is big business in China. But to the Hui, a Muslim ethnic minority, a social pact may come before profit in the placement of halal noodle shops.
Named a culinary capital by Unesco, the city has a long history of wringing plenty from a desert.
The quest to make a bagel in San Francisco rivaling New York’s best annihilates a stand mixer (twice) and an ego.
Tapping sales of a dish that hails from hard-hit Amatrice, Italy.
The veggie burger at the NoMad Bar on Broadway uses grains, fresh vegetables, quinoa and lentils, “to replace the texture of meat,” the chef Daniel Humm said, with eggs, cream cheese and Dijon mustard to hold it together.
The newest meatless burgers aren’t obligatory additions to menus. They’re the stars.
Readers tell of dishes that remind them where they came from.
Even less-than-perfect peaches can be wonderful with the heat of the oven, a bit of sugar or a swirl through a river of freshly whipped cream.
The holiday Raksha Bandhan makes for brisk business at Raja Sweets, a prominent Indian bakery in town.
Mr. Nicholson, with the chef Edna Lewis, served Southern cuisine in Manhattan to the likes of Frank Sinatra, Gore Vidal and Tennessee Williams.
Astronauts need lightweight, long-lasting provisions for hazardous trips. So did the Incas, and villagers in the Andes have made their version for centuries.
Mirai Konishi’s light documentary focuses on brewery experts and others who have devoted their lives to this complex rice-based beverage.
Rumi Spice, started by Army veterans, is part of efforts to help develop Afghanistan’s resource economy.
Bottles of fizzy Topo Chico are a favorite in restaurants, bars and stores, even though marketing is minimal.
Frank Cornelissen in his vineyard on Sicily’s Mount Etna.
On Mount Etna, Frank Cornelissen has learned the difference between making wine and making good wine for the ages.
American brewers have taken up the dark art of sour beers. Results are mixed, but the best indicate a promising future.
The owners of the San Francisco tiki bar Smuggler’s Cove set out to define an aesthetic built on leis and umbrellas.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
Organically produced reds from southeast Sicily can be every bit as beautiful as the fashionable wines of Mount Etna.
A small family winery runs afoul of zoning rules, and apparently compromise is not an option.
Vegetable stews share the menu with less traditional dishes, like eggs and lox on injera, a crepe-like flatbread.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
At 22, the restaurant is safely reassuring, but acts of imagination keep it vital.
With quail and crayfish in the backyard, a Brooklyn restaurant isn’t quite as simple as it looks.
Reproductions of 19th-century punchware for entertaining, and more news from Florence Fabricant.
This white wine from Galicia in northwestern Spain went quickly from unknown to taken for granted. What are the best ones like?
Great fried chicken has a shatteringly crisp crust and luscious interior. Our guide will help you master this summer classic.
This summer cookout classic gets the street-food treatment, with the addition of chile, lime, mayo and cheese.
The markets are still teeming with glorious summer vegetables. But the changing weather demands something a little different.
This fig tart looks like the handiwork of a professional chef, but it isn’t hard to put together.
The same tangy, creamy, turbocharged flavor of the bottled stuff, sans animal fat.
The challenge of cooking when temperatures spike is to devise menus that rely less on the oven and stovetop.
Garlicky grits, slices of avocado and a velvety gravy combine to make a dish that is as deeply satisfying as it is simple.
Marinate boneless chicken thighs with loads of garlic, lemon and fresh za’atar for a quick weeknight meal.
A salad is only as good as its raw ingredients. Here’s what to look for at the market.
Anchovies, yes anchovies, are a perfect pairing, providing a meaty, savory umami to tomatoes in a tart, on pasta or on the grill.
Control the flame, and don’t shun the skin.
There’s a trick to making this light, versatile classic.
At Pike Place Market, fresh fish may fly 20 feet or more before they drop into the waiting hands of a fishmonger.
The pioneering East Village cocktail den celebrates its 10th anniversary by planning a hotel bar in Colorado and fine-tuning its bar menu in New York.
Truffles, beer, cherries and crustaceans are singled out for celebrations.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/magazine/index.html
30
Advertisement
Oliver Stone wanted a hit — and the chance to put America’s most iconic dissident onscreen. The subject wanted veto power. The Russian lawyer wanted someone to option the novel he’d written. The American lawyer just wanted the whole insane project to go away. Somehow a film got made.
By IRINA ALEKSANDER
Why Berhanu Nega traded a tenured position for the chance to lead a revolutionary force against an oppressive regime.
By JOSHUA HAMMER
A home is something both looked at and lived in, but that duality can be difficult to reconcile.
By RACHEL CUSK
The cheesy classic Los Angeles sandwich gets the treatment it deserves with or without the meat.
By SAM SIFTON
Readers respond.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
By KYLE DARGAN
From Las Vegas to Los Angeles, thanks to several strangers.
As told to DANIEL KRIEGER
Be unpredictable. Keep things consensual.
By MALIA WOLLAN
Unless you’re trying to wash away the pain of a heart-wrenching breakup and you’re also in a movie, please stand up.
By JOHN HODGMAN
Classic American brands and runway designers alike introduce variations on the toggle coat for fall.
From Bergdorf Goodman's new ground-floor renovation to Balenciaga at Dover Street Market, the retail news to know.
By KRISTEN BATEMAN
A new site-specific work wraps Philip Johnson’s Glass House in Connecticut in Yayoi Kusama’s signature bright spots.
By ALEXANDRIA SYMONDS
Inside (and outside) the 87-year-old artist’s installation at Philip Johnson’s Glass House in New Canaan, Conn.
Kelly Behun’s new capsule collection for Barneys will be unveiled at a gallery-like pop-up shop beginning Sept. 8.
By ALAINNA LEXIE BEDDIE
Irina Aleksander on Oliver Stone's film about America's most iconic dissident, Rachel Cusk on the duality of a home as something looked at and lived in, Joshua Hammer on the Bucknell professor who became the commander of an Ethiopian rebel army and more.
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/realestate/index.html
31
Ruvin and Polina Itskovich wanted an apartment in the middle of everything in Manhattan.
When the news anchor first saw her East Hampton, N.Y., house, she knew it was the one.
The luxury housing market in the Bahamas is segmented, with different islands, neighborhoods and developments all fetching various prices.
A brick townhouse in Baltimore, Md., a house in Little Rock, Ark. and a cabin in Hailey, Idaho.
Tips on shopping for just the right sconce.
Finished basements have been a cost-effective way to increase living space, but builders in the Hamptons say restrictions have accelerated the trend.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
This week’s properties are on the Upper West Side, in Greenwich Village and in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn.
This week’s properties are six-bedroom homes in Bridgehampton and Quiogue, N.Y.
The six-unit, 11-story Getty, at West 24th Street and 10th Avenue, is rising on a site that for years contained, naturally, a Getty station.
Altercations in a co-op, timing on buying an apartment and a withheld security deposit.
An apartment at 150 Charles Street has changed ownership for the second time in six months.
Amy and Bobby Reich were worried they were priced out. But they persisted and found a place.
A hamlet on the South Shore of Suffolk County with a small-town feel and more modest homes when compared with those in the Hamptons.
Last year’s presidential election created a pause in the price increases in Buenos Aires’s housing market.
A 19th-century farmhouse in Litchfield, Conn., a 1960 house in Los Angeles, Calif., and a Tudor in Scranton, Pa.
Experts differ on whether real estate’s move out of the financials category to its own classification will benefit individual investors.
Michael S. Smith, who decorated the Obamas’ White House, on his favorite room at the residence of the ambassador to Spain.
Residents of Sag Harbor’s African-American neighborhoods on Long Island worry that an influx of investors who are sweeping up properties will forever alter the community’s character.
Hobie, a golden retriever belonging to Kaitlin and Ben Fund, checks in at the New York Dog Spa and Hotel on West 25th Street, his hangout while they are at work. Hobie likes it so much there, the Funds were careful to stay in the neighborhood when they moved.
Some New Yorkers hunt for apartments with the needs of a pet uppermost in their minds. This can be expensive.
Prices are lower than in some other parts of Manhattan, and more inventory is being added.
Working at home with noise, renting out a co-op and waterproofing a shower.
The actor and his girlfriend, Emily Smith, live in a one-bedroom near Lincoln Center.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region
REAL ESTATE
What does a night in one of New York's new micro apartments look like?
Dinner for Six in a Bite-Size Space
Three Artists in Three Manhattan Studios
House Tour | Paola Santarelli
House Tour | The Antivilla
Kendall Huberman discovered she qualified for a co-op building with an income cap.
A weak Canadian dollar and retiring baby boomers have helped strengthen the housing market in the St. Andrews area.
A four-bedroom duplex at Walker Tower was bought by a founder of the travel website Kayak.com, and was the sale of the week.
This week’s properties include a clapboard house in Wilmington, Del., a contemporary in San Antonio, Tex., and a loft in Portland, Me.
About $2 billion in development is underway in the city, with 1,500 units of housing under construction and another 4,000 planned.
In Marine Park, many residents are members of families that have lived in the Brooklyn neighborhood for generations.
Prestige residences around Europe are appealing to a new generation of wealthy buyers who want to own a home with a significant heritage.
Provence has been the most popular French region among international buyers, but that was before "Brexit" and the attack in Nice.
A recently overhauled free app that now allows users to read new stories every day and search for homes at the same time.
This week’s properties are in Morningside Heights, East Harlem and Brooklyn Heights.
This week’s properties include a ranch in Montgomery, N.J., and a 1914 house in Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y.
Answers to reader questions about real estate, home buying and renting, mortgages, insurance, leases, condominiums and co-ops and real estate law.
Information on sales in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
Catch up on the most popular stories of the month.
Plans are going forward for hotels, upscale housing, retail space and riverfront walkways, though longtime residents continue to have some misgivings.
Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City.
The inside scoop on New York City neighborhoods and beyond.
The choice between buying a home and renting one is among the biggest financial decisions that many adults make.
Parse the market by price and size.
Record prices, skinny skyscrapers, celebrity listings and architectural debuts: It’s been an eventful year in New York City real estate. Test your memory with this quiz.
A bed is hidden in the wall behind the sofa.
A night in one of New York City’s new micro apartments.
With home prices so high, buying a place together with others may be the quickest path to homeownership.
High prices in New York City are driving up demand in certain nearby towns.
The number of home sales in the Bronx rose 35 percent in the first quarter of this year, a far larger increase than in Manhattan, Queens or Brooklyn.
A new generation of buyers at a Jackson Heights, Queens, co-op has won a nearly decade-long battle over access to the lawn.
The Wendel family, bygone real estate tycoons, avoided publicity and luxury. Their refusal to sell property drove the city crazy.
It’s a short hop from New York, and at the moment, it’s still less expensive.
The practice of home staging has long elicited strong reactions. But as staging has evolved, more real estate professionals stress its importance.
Houses of steel and aluminum are sprouting in cool places, a.k.a. Brooklyn neighborhoods.
Among over 3,000 unionized superintendents in New York City, perhaps a few dozen are women.
Tips for navigating a fast-moving real estate market.
It’s far more than banking and rent checks. Here are some tips.
The pros share their strategies for making your home enticing to buyers.
A new breed of online furniture manufacturers offers high-end quality and customization – and often a quick turnaround time – at low-end prices.
With the median price for a Manhattan apartment nearing the $1 million mark, buying your first home can be a daunting task. And don’t forget to add in the fees.
Good cellphone reception is a must-have for many in New York.
Here are some simple home improvements that may offer the most bang for the buck.
A home remodeling checklist for New York apartment dwellers.
To get to Brooklyn, win the lottery first.
Suggestions for frustrated New York City home hunters.
For the latest residential real estate news covering the five boroughs and beyond.
FOLLOW
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/obituaries/index.html
32
Advertisement
Dr. Browne, the syndicated radio and television therapist, dispensed advice, earnest inspiration and gentle goading for nearly four decades.
19h ago
By SAM ROBERTS
Caslavska won seven Olympics gold medals as a gymnast in the 1960s. Her public opposition to the Soviet invasion of her homeland, Czechoslovakia, ended her competitive career.
21h ago
By WILLIAM GRIMES
A protégé of Henri Cartier-Bresson, Mr. Riboud routinely traveled to restive places throughout Asia and Africa in the 1950s and ’60s as part of his decades-long career.
1d ago
By RICHARD B. WOODWARD
Princess Diana, whose title and troubles made her a symbol of a nation’s emotional and generational conflicts, died on Aug. 31, 1997.
1d ago
By SARAH LYALL
Mr. Fuji, whose signature move was hurling a handful of salt into opponents’ eyes, won several tag-team titles with Professor Toru Tanaka.
By DANIEL E. SLOTNIK
A writer and producer who, drawing parallels between kings and business leaders, highlighted the machinations of government.
By WILLIAM GRIMES
Mr. Nelson presided over the New York City Educational Construction Fund, a public benefit corporation that helped create classrooms in partnership with developers.
By SAM ROBERTS
Lenkaitis started 119 games for the New England Patriots from 1971 to 1981 and earned a dental degree during the off-season.
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Mr. Wilder, a comic actor known for his delightfully neurotic performances, died at his home in Stamford, Conn., on Monday. His film career began in the 1960s.
A prolific singer and songwriter, he was nominated for six Grammys and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
By JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH
Mr. Ben-Eliezer, who was born in Iraq, served in the military for 30 years, held senior positions in government and was close to Arab leaders.
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
In his first aerial battle, Mr. O’Keefe downed five Japanese planes over Okinawa; he later entered Mississippi politics as a staunch opponent of segregation.
By WILLIAM GRIMES
Mr. Kaplan’s character Henry was a regular at Mel’s Diner. He also voiced Choo-Choo in the cartoon “Top Cat”
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Search Legacy.com for all paid death notices from The New York Times.
Announcements of deaths may be telephoned from within New York City to (212) 556-3900; outside the city to toll-free 1-800-458-5522; or online by going to this page and selecting "In Memoriam." Deadlines for publication are:
Photos must be submitted by noon the day prior to publication Tuesday through Friday. Photos for Saturday, Sunday and Monday must be submitted by 12 noon on Friday.
Remembering Leonard Nimoy, Mario Cuomo, Anita Ekberg, King Abdullah, David Carr, Omar Sharif and others who died this year.
In 2015 Obituaries, Distant Eras Were Evoked
More from: 2014 • 2013 • 2012 • 2011 • 2010
Go to Home Page »
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/pages/multimedia/index.html
33
“I had the feeling the soldiers were more afraid of her than she was of the bayonets,” Mr. Riboud said of his photograph of a 17-year-old holding a flower at the Pentagon.
A protégé of Henri Cartier-Bresson, Mr. Riboud routinely traveled to restive places throughout Asia and Africa in the 1950s and ’60s as part of his decades-long career.
Riverside is really two Greenwich, Conn., neighborhoods when it comes to home prices.
Peter Lindbergh reflects on his four-decade career, and shares images never published before their inclusion in his weighty upcoming book.
An online store’s collection of unconventional designs defy the “normal rules of usability” — to encourage diners to slowly savor what they eat.
Here’s what’s happening, and what’s going to happen, at the United States Open on Tuesday.
Mr. Wilder’s neurotic comic persona added a special edge to numerous hits, including “Blazing Saddles” and “Stir Crazy.”
Club makers’ technicians drive heavy trucks that are equal parts workshop, clubhouse and rock ’n’ roll tour bus to tour events nationwide.
The boldface, gilt-edge Hamptons are to the east of the Shinnecock Canal. But some buyers are refusing to cross over.
When the news anchor first saw her East Hampton, N.Y., house, she knew it was the one.
An exhibition at the Old Stone House in Brooklyn celebrates the clash, also known as the Battle of Long Island, which spared General Washington from capture.
Benefit parties and charities that took place in New York last week.
Our reporter shares selections from his visual, digital diary of New York.
Finished basements have been a cost-effective way to increase living space, but builders in the Hamptons say restrictions have accelerated the trend.
Taste the Tropics USA, a West Indian-themed ice cream parlor in Brooklyn that opened in the 1970s, serves ice cream flavors like pineapple, coconut, soursop and even a beer-based option: Guinness.
There was an overall softening in demand for less prestigious collectible vehicles — those in the comparatively modest $100,000 to $1 million range.
A downtown stand serves hummus several ways, while an uptown takeout window specializes in falafel.
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.2 struck about 100 miles from Rome, trapping scores under debris and all but destroying some areas.
Lars Fisk, a veteran of public art, knows how to be economical with space.
A hamlet on the South Shore of Suffolk County with a small-town feel and more modest homes when compared with those in the Hamptons.
The J.W. Westcott II — the only boat with its own ZIP code — sails from Detroit delivering parcels and pizzas to sailors on the Great Lakes.
For “African Catwalk,” the Swedish photographer Per-Anders Pettersson spent five years documenting the energy of Africa’s emerging fashion industry.
Artists and collectors flock to Guild Hall’s summer gala, while a new benefit helps Asian elephants.
The actor and his girlfriend, Emily Smith, live in a one-bedroom near Lincoln Center.
The motorsport requires quick reactions and precise car control, techniques that can help drivers avoid mishaps off-road and on.
A stand beneath Columbus Circle specializes in savory pockets called salteñas.
A chance meeting at law school leads to a partnership, over a dozen books and 25 years restoring a former Whitney estate.
In Marine Park, many residents are members of families that have lived in the Brooklyn neighborhood for generations.
At Almond, the restaurant takes its inspiration from its guests and names its dishes for the purveyors who supply the ingredients.
Joined by Gayle King and other V.I.P.s, the singer celebrates the new luxury mall next to ground zero.
It was a win-win for the Americans in the final: Christian Taylor got the gold and Will Claye got the girl.
In 1959, three-foot medallions depicting the coats of arms of Western Hemisphere nations were installed along the avenue. Most are now gone.
A team of scientists and researchers is hoping to prove that a swath of the New York coast serves as a great white breeding ground.
Composite photographs from Thursday’s competition that show how Biles dominated.
Amy Touchette waits for people to spot her before she snaps their pictures on an iPhone.
Even in the oppressive heat of August, black is always in fashion.
Raising money for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation and Southampton Hospital, and a party on the newly opened terrace at the department store.
A Brooklyn building that got off to a rough start with neighbors has begun leasing.
The Tony Award winner rents a one-bedroom with his wife, Nicolette Robinson, an actor and singer.
The biggest fire rapidly encroached on the residential outskirts of Funchal, home to about 110,000 people, and there were nearly 200 blazes on the mainland.
In Yorkville, beer-hall food is on the menu in a lofty room with herringbone floors from grander days.
The fashion-photographer-turned-director Sean Ellis shares beautiful photos from the set of “Anthropoid.”
Stuyvesant Town, and its sister housing complex, Peter Cooper Village, once provided housing for returning World War II veterans.
At the premiere of “Florence Foster Jenkins,” the three-time Oscar winner was a seen-but-not-heard star presence.
The abandoned pier in Manhattan, which is being renovated, was an engineering marvel when it was built on the Hudson River in the 1950s.
Michael Phelps and Katie Ledecky restocked their trophy case by winning gold medals in the pool. In tennis, Novak Djokovic and the Williams sisters were knocked out.
The glamorous, though budget-conscious, opening of the Games disguised Brazil’s wounds for a few hours and let the country celebrate its history.
Steeve Mackaya, a native of Gabon, sets up shop in Chelsea each morning, always decked out in a colorful, eye-catching suit, to sell newspapers.
Ms. Mearns, the New York City Ballet principal dancer, and Mr. Bergasse, the Emmy-winning choreographer, at home in Lincoln Square.
“The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time” is closing its Broadway run, but there is life after acting for the 21 puppies who have appeared in the show.
The actress, writer, illustrator and artist Mary Woronov’s vibrant, emotive paintings are now on view at the Lodge, a building owned by Ed Ruscha.
Rachel Comey and Leanne Shapton have collaborated on an exhibition that celebrates the work of the sometimes-overlooked women in the field.
Workers have begun laying the bridge’s signature feature — the cables — and if everything goes according to plan, the first section should open over the Hudson River toward the end of next year.
Home buyers are drawn to the Forest Hills neighborhood’s transportation, shopping and relatively reasonable prices.
Kelly Ripa and Donna Karan host the Super Saturday garage sale; Ja Rule performs to an art crowd at the Watermill Center gala.
In a renovation, the sanctuary of St. Paul’s Chapel in Lower Manhattan will shed its current pink and blue scheme for a creamier tone, revealed by a microscopic examination.
From Brooklyn to Seattle, fans of the book and film series turned out at midnight on Saturday for the release of “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.”
The sold-out spectacle is the brainchild of a digital strategist whose longtime dream was to jump into a pool full of sprinkles.
Our reporter shares moments that made him stop, snap and tweet.
The Republican and Democratic conventions offered important lessons about the two presidential nominees, and their parties, as they head into the November general election.
Viviana Peretti, an Italian photographer who lives in New York, spent three months taking pictures every week in the Bronx Zoo and the New York Aquarium.
On the final night on the Democratic National Convention, a full slate of speakers, including state leaders, some Republicans and her daughter, Chelsea Clinton, preceded Hillary Clinton’s appearance.
Members of the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams shed some clothing — whatever they thought was appropriate — to let you try to guess their sport.
Muhammad Ali, a three-time heavyweight boxing champion, was among the most controversial and charismatic sports figures of the 20th century.
Photographs of the pope’s first trip to the United States, as Catholics and non-Catholics alike will navigate crowds in three cities to catch a glimpse of the “people’s pope.”
Behind the scenes of Serena Williams’s historic Grand Slam bid — and ultimate collapse.
For 733 migrants crammed aboard two tiny boats somewhere between Libya and Italy, a leaky hull was neither the beginning nor the end of their troubles.
Pope Francis, the fourth pontiff to visit St. Patrick’s Cathedral, will find it brighter, cleaner and in better repair than it has been for decades.
The New Orleans of 2015 has been altered, and not just by nature. In some ways, it is booming as never before. In others, it is returning to pre-Katrina realities of poverty and violence, but with a new sense of dislocation for many, too.
A photographer parts the curtains on one of the world’s least-known places and brings back pictures of a country that is defined for many by mystery and war.
When Nepal was hit with a powerful earthquake the tremor shattered lives, landmarks and the very landscape of the country. The scope of the disaster in photographs.
The average American consumes more than 300 gallons of California water each week by eating food that was produced there.
Finding unexpected beauty in the hands of shoe shiners.
The Rosetta spacecraft is following Comet 67P/C-G as it makes its closest approach to the sun.
The best present ideas, selected by Times experts, to make shopping easy this season.
The men and women of one Ebola clinic in rural Liberia reflect on life inside the gates.
For nine days, waves of pro-democracy protests engulfed Hong Kong, swelling at times to tens of thousands of people and raising tensions with Beijing.
The Brown sisters have been photographed every year since 1975. The latest image in the series is published here for the first time.
Few collegians work as hard as the U.S. Military Academy’s 786 female cadets.
A journey through the state, featuring Jimmy Carter, Civil War re-enactors and newborn Cabbage Patch Kids.
A panoramic view of the progress at the new World Trade Center site exactly 13 years after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Scenes of sorrow and violence in a Missouri town after an unarmed black teenager was shot by a police officer.
The damage to Gaza’s infrastructure from the current conflict is already more severe than the destruction caused by either of the last two Gaza wars.
The Times asked firefighters to submit their first fire experiences on City Room. Read a selection of those stories.
The daily tally of rocket attacks, airstrikes and deaths in the conflict between Israel and Hamas.
The reporter Damien Cave and the photographer Todd Heisler traveled up Interstate 35, from Laredo, Tex., to Duluth, Minn., chronicling how the middle of America is being changed by immigration.
World War I destroyed kings, kaisers, czars and sultans; it demolished empires; it introduced chemical weapons; it brought millions of women into the work force.
An evolution, from 1930 to today.
Despite a period of rising incomes, a tide of economic discontent helped make Narendra Modi the prime minister-elect.
A 32,000-ton arch that will end up costing $1.5 billion is being built in Chernobyl, Ukraine, to all but eliminate the risk of further contamination at the site of the 1986 nuclear reactor explosion.
Fairgoers share memories of family outings and moments of inspiration at the 1964 New York World’s Fair.
Runners, spectators and volunteers who were at the finish line of the Boston Marathon when the bombs exploded reflect on how their lives have been affected. Here are their stories of transformation.
Data from the Census Bureau show where the poor live.
Nelson Mandela’s death spurred an international outpouring of praise, remembrance and celebration.
What does the way you speak say about where you’re from? Answer the questions to see your personal dialect map.
Typhoon Haiyan, which cut a destructive path across the Philippines, is believed by some climatologists to be the strongest storm to ever make landfall.
Voters elected Bill de Blasio, but New York has always been a city of unofficial mayors.
Listen to New York Times editors, critics and reporters discuss the day’s news and features.
